GIRAFFE
Work Experience:
CITCO Fund Services (17 Feb 2014 – Current)
Account Manager, AVP
- Manage a team of 7, including 2 supervisors and up to 5 fund accountants.
- Ensure clients expectations and agreed SLAs are met.
- Be the main point of contact for client escalation.
- Developing and maintaining relationships with Investment Advisors/Managers.
- Escalating all material issues affecting the NAV process or client relationship to the Senior Account Manager.
- Reviewing Net Asset Value calculations and associated reports.
- Review Funds’ Private Placement Memorandum when necessary.
- Reviewing and authorizing payments Funds’ expenses.
- Assist in coordinating fund’s annual audit and financial statements preparation.
- Assist in Corporate Secretarial duties for accounts that subscribed to the service. This includes co-ordination and
preparation of the board papers, attending funds’ board meetings and reviewing minutes of the meetings.
- Working closing with team’s supervisor to identify and implement relevant training needs for the team.
- Holding monthly informal 1 on 1 with team members to ensure concerns within the team are addressed.
- Perform periodic performance review on team members.
- Liaise with offshore team to ensure outsourced functions are performed in accordance to requirements.
Other duties
BCP coordinator: Represent department to co-ordinate firm- wide BCP exercise.
Help roll out new reporting system to department, by liaising with development team and providing training.
Help roll out new finance related system, including providing training and performing UAT.
StateStreet Bank and Trust (26 Jul 2010 – 27 Sep 2013)
Fund Services Manager
Oversee a team of 12, which 4 includes assistant managers and 8 fund accountants. Duties includes:
Handling day to day custody related queries raised by clients, including trade status, trade instructions, and asset
transfers.
Handling day to day issues raised by the team.
Providing coaching to junior staff on various securities custody related processes and services.
Team is responsible for daily oversight of custody operations of 80 funds belonging to 13 clients and also the
delivery of daily valuation reports in a timely and accurate manner, risk management, liaising with various
outsourcing teams and centers of excellence to ensure various custodial and fund accounting related tasks are
completed.
UBS AG (3 May 2005 – 22 Jul 2010)
Global Keylink Services in Singapore (Jan 2009 – Jul 2010)
•
Client Relationship Manager, UBS Keylink
Daily responsibilities includes setting up client on e-banking tool (UBS Keylink), ensure clients queries are
answered in a timely manner while maintaining clarity and accuracy.
Meeting clients to understand their processes better and if possible propose better ways of using existing UBS
Keylink functionalities to help client increase efficiency.
Meeting clients to understand their new business requirements and if possible propose on how they can leverage
on UBS Keylink capabilities to be part of their operating model.
Identify knowledge gaps among users, through the daily queries received from users and propose training
for users to help users to be more familiar with UBS Keylink.
Work closely with counterparts in other locations to provide seamless service to clients as team adopts “follow
the sun model”
Main modules supported are for Payment, FXMM and for Securities.
Securities Operations (Singapore: May 2005 to May 2006, Sydney: May 2006 to Jan 2009)
•
International Settlements
Daily responsibilities includes Clients Servicing, Settlements for international trades, Asset Transfers, Corporate
Actions, Daily Cash and Stock Reconciliation
•
MIS reporting
Monthly reporting of department’s trade volumes, Risk Indicators and Service levels indicators.
Responsible for error financing cost of the department and regional reporting of department’s errors and loss
figures
•

Power of Process Representative for department

•
-

Assist in co-coordinating department's efforts to streamline processes through simple changes that do not
require system enhancements.
Client Services
Investigating and responding to queries from Wealth Management Relationship Managers
Assist in implementation of client query and investigation system

OCBC Bank (4 Nov 2004 – 22 Apr 2005)
Senior Officer, Treasury Operations Projects
Manage projects initiated by the department, including system enhancements by liaising with various processing
teams within the department
Represent department in project committees for bank-wide projects.
Deutsche Bank / StateStreet Bank and Trust (1 May 2002 - 3 Nov 2004)
•
•
•
-

Senior Fund Accountant
Manage client’s portfolios’ daily administration and provide monthly net asset valuation of the portfolios.
MIS reporting
Report to Regional Offices on related Cost & Revenue, Risks and other Service Level Indicators.
Analyze and investigate on department’s Cost & Revenue Variances.
Business/ User Support Officer
Prepare invoices for Custody Services rendered, Performance Reporting and Monthly Reconciliation.
Maintain Information in core system used by the department.

Education:
National University of Singapore (Jul’99-Dec’01): Bachelor in Business Administration
•
Pass with Merit, with distinctions in Accounting, Managing Personal Assets & Finance and Business Finance.
Jurong Junior College, Singapore (Mar’95-Dec’96) : GCE A’ Levels
•
With distinction in Mathematics.
Queenstown Secondary School, Singapore (Jan’91-Dec’94): GCE O’ Levels
•
With distinctions in Mathematics.
Co-Curricular Activities
•
Head Prefect Councilor (1994) in Secondary School.
•
Actively participated and represented Schools, College and Varsity in Bowling, Track & Field and Volleyball
Other abilities:
•
Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel
•
One who thrives under stress
Interests:
•
Sports: Mainly Tennis, Volleyball, Running

