Hedayaty Binte Mohamad Amin
5 Jalan Ismail, Singapore (419253)
+65 98489744 (HP)
hedaamin01@gmail.com

EDUCATION
Singapore Institute of Management/ SUNY- University at Buffalo
Bachelor of Arts in Sociology
• GPA: 3.707/4.000
• Honours: Magna Cum Laude

Singapore
June 2015

WORK & LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
JPMorgan Chase & Co
Singapore
Compliance and Documentation Analyst, Operations
April 2016 to Present
Successfully analyse over 200 clienteles for Know Your Customer (KYC) review by identifying appropriate
salespersons and evaluating the prospects of existing clients.
• Know Your Customer Owners (KYCO) Identification
o Led team to identify KYCO from 4 regions (APAC, EMEA, WHEM, LATAM) through
product and revenue analysis to facilitate the KYC process in remediating existing clients.
o Transferring more than 50 clients to other regions to ease KYC casework by having the
salesperson located within the same region as the client.
Product Confirmation for existing clients
o Analyse each client’s profile to understand, if existing products are still relevant, which
improves the efficiency of the KYC process by 80%.
o Liaise with KYCO from over 15 countries to understand if there is an on-going relationship
with the clients to ensure resources and attention are channelled appropriately.
• Collection of Documents
o Point of Contact in APAC and EMEA to receive and centrally store client documents, sent by
Sales Team, with the purpose to safeguard client’s confidentiality and integrity of the
organization.
o Collected over 10 different types of documents and maintain an inventory to ensure
documents are tracked and to speed the retrieval process.
• Additional Duties
o Chair and facilitate meetings between teams (back & front office), 2 times a week, to ensure
mutual understanding of project’s objectives
o Generate Management Information System (MIS) reports for Stakeholders to understand
progress of projects on a weekly basis
o Provide mentorship to interns from local institutions
Central Provident Fund Board (CPF)
Singapore
Administrative Officer, Minimum Sum Scheme Office
January 2012 to February 2012
• Efficiently and successfully computed more than 500 client’s ID into internal system to keep the
client’s information updated
• Organized more than 1000 hardcopy documents in chronological manner for storage and safekeeping.
Phi-Beta Kappa Society
Singapore/United States
Member
• Recognized for academic excellence to be in top 10% of the Liberal Arts degree cohort
• Demonstrated good moral character

SKILLS, ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS
Language: Fluent in English and Malay; Conversational Proficiency in Indonesian
Technical Skills: MS Suite (i.e. Excel- ‘vlookup’, formulas, Pivot table, Access, SharePoint)
Activities: Young Adult Leader (YAL)- Girl Guides
Interests: Passionate about reading all types of book and enthusiastic about outdoor activities (i.e. hiking,
jogging)

	  

1	  

