#07-02, 370D Alexandra Road, Singapore, 159957

John Wang

T: +65 9182 5368
E: seawolfwy@gmail.com

SUMMARY
Extensive working experience in leading asset management firms including MSCI and Fidelity. University graduated
with major in economics and marketing. Specialized in buy side equity research with primary focus on proxy voting,
remuneration, corporate governance, Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) with international exposures
across Asia-pacific markets including Australia and Japan.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Fidelity Investment Limited (FIL)
Associate, Equity Capital Market (ECM)

Singapore/Australia
Aug 2014 – Present

Investment Management:


Industrial analysis meeting: participated in industrial analysis & stock picking discussion at bi-weekly analyst
meetings



Investment Management Agreement: Cooperated with sales, client service and legal teams to draft Investment
Management Agreements (IMAs)



Performance Measurement: Produced quarterly report and analysis for senior management; Fidelity board
reports; and institutional client reports



Client on-boarding process: Standardized FIL approach to Asia Pac clients’ proxy voting requests as a part of
group effort to streamline client on-boarding process.

Proxy Voting:


Proxy Voting: In charge of proxy voting decisions of Fidelity's investments across Asia Pacific markets.



Proxy Contest Advisory: Advised the management team on actions against high-profile proxy contest in case such
as Money3 Corporation Limited. Executed proposed plans to achieve our objective and maintain good relation
with investee companies. I



Investment Policy Development: Developed FIL's corporate governance policies for application in 17 Asia Pacific
markets involving evaluating local market listing rules, companies act and related regulations.

Market Research & Corporate Engagement:


Environment Social and Governance Research: Assessed “Morningstar® ESG rating Initiative” on Fidelity funds in
collaboration with portfolio managers. Contact point of CSR related shareholder proposals among Australian
companies such as Rio Tinto.



Corporate Strategy: Communicated Fidelity's views with issuers with the aim of influencing corporate strategy.
For example, analyzed and opposed an Australian investee company’s business expansion plan which was
subsequently voted down by majority of shareholders at EGM.



Corporate Governance and Structure: Persuaded some investee companies to adopt new corporate governance
structure to better protect shareholder values. For example, convinced a HK listed company to change its
remuneration committee structure by excluding its founder and executive director of the company and adopting a
fully independent committee structure.



Remuneration Practices: Engaged with investee companies on remuneration topics to better align management
interests with investors’. For example, communicated with an Australian issuer on its remuneration structure
which includes dividend payout on unearned long-term incentive performance rights. Gained portfolio manager’s
support and voted against the company’s remuneration report. The company eventually agreed to abandon this
practice.



Key Research Pieces: published research reports on corporate governance and CSR (Corporate Social
Responsibility). Key papers include:

“Group Financial Company Study in China” (2016)
“The board and Shareholder Communication @ shareholder meeting in Australia” (2015)
“Executive Remuneration in ASX 200 Companies” (2015)
“CSR Regulations in Asia Pac and Impacts" (2016)
Team Management


Global Project: Led APAC region's working system migration, as a key part of the global workflow review and
saved approximate 40 hours per week.

Morgan Stanley Capital International
Research Analyst, Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS)

Singapore
Mar 2012 – Aug 2014



Proxy Research: Published proxy research report with focuses on M&A/privatization due diligence, related party
transaction analyses, proxy contest analyses, and legal/regulatory research with a concentration on Hong Kong,
China Mainland and Taiwan.



Policy Development: Led the amendments of ISS international proxy policy 2014 (China & Taiwan) and
participated in global proxy policy review.



Corporate Governance Advisory: Advise corporate executives, institutional investors and solicitors over key
corporate governance issues on director succession, share incentive plans and significant asset restructuring



Team Management: Initiated and host the case study sharing program across regional teams to enrich teams’
experiences and knowledge in different contentious proxy contests.



Research paper: Published proxy research papers such as “2012 Proxy Season Review – China, Hong Kong” and
“2013 Market IQ-China.

Airsheep.com–Start up
Singapore
Co-Founder
Apr 2011 – Feb 2012
 The start-up is to provide logistic solutions for ASEAN oversea online retailers who source their products from
China's online retailing giants, such as Alibaba.com, but have limited China market knowledge.
 Conducted marketing research on online retailing industry in ASEAN countries to identify target market
segments and analyze consumer needs.
 Led a team of five to design marketing campaign to raise customer awareness of Airsheep.com and boost its
usages.
EDUCATION
Singapore Management University
Bachelor of Science (Economics) with High Merit.
 Second major in Marketing.
 Designation of Business Study Mission to Middle East.

Singapore
2008 – 2012

CFA level II candidate
SKILLS & INTERESTS
Languages: Fluent in English and Mandarin Chinese.
Technical Skills:
- Financial modeling
- Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite.
- Skillful users of databases as Factiva, Thomson Reuters Eikon, One Source Thomson One Banker, Reuters&
CEIC Database, SQL.
Membership: Obtained Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services License in Singapore.
VOLUNTARY WORK
General Secretary of Sino Alumni Group, a branch of SMU Alumni Group.

Volunteer of World Youth Olympic Games hosted in Singapore.

