Yaju (Andrew) Lee
+852-9600-9822 ‧ b91704040@gmail.com ‧Flat B, 22F., 161-165 Lockhart Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Education

University of Michigan
Ann Arbor, MI
Master of Science in Financial Engineering
July 2009 ~ December 2010
 Core courses taken: Stochastic calculus, Statistics in Finance, Markov Chain, Fixed Income, Financial
Engineering and Valuation. Proficient in statistics skills such as Principal and Component Analysis.
National Taiwan University
Taipei, Taiwan
Bachelor of Business Administration, Department of International Business
September 2002 ~ June 2006
 Key focuses on Marketing, Finance and Strategy, with alternative interests in Mathematics covering
Multivariate Analysis, Linear Algebra, Ordinary Differential Equation and Advanced Statistics.

Experience

Maxpro Investment Company
Taipei, Taiwan
[Company Info] Maxpro Investment Company is a newly-established Taiwan-based venture capital, focusing
on Biotech, Medical devices, Consumer Products and Mobile Internet sectors in Greater China. Maxpro
Investment has 2 funds with total size of US$30 million under management.
Investment manager, Asset Management
October 2014 ~January 2017
 Fund formation – set up the fund as one the four founders
 Responsible for drafting Private Placement Memorandum (PPM), Articles of Association and the
contracts with the custodian bank and the fund administration.
 Investment – led investment projects across Greater China and the United States
 Led the $1million deal of SyneuRx(6575 TT), the first new drug company qualified for FDA’s
Breakthrough Therapy Designation program in Taiwan, which generated 2.8x returns with 3500% IRR.
 Led the investment evaluation projects and post management of ACT Genomics (Taiwan Biotech;
$1.5million), Synermore Biologics (Taiwan Biotech; $1million), Foresee Pharmaceuticals (Taiwan
Biotech; 0.5million), Detekt Technology (Taiwan 3D printing; $0.5 million), Mosa Industrial (Taiwan
F&B), Didi Kuaidi (China Internet), DiangPing (China Internet) and Cold Genesys (US Biotech)
IIH Assets Management Group
Shanghai, China / Taipei, Taiwan
[Company Info] IIH (Integral Investment Holdings) is an Asia-based asset management firm engaged in
private equity and venture capital, focusing on leading private companies in Consumer Products, Healthcare,
Clean & Alternative Energy and Mobile Internet sectors in Greater China. IIH has 4 funds with total size of
US$200 million under management.
Investment Analyst, Asset Management
November 2012 ~June 2014
 Responsible for a US$54 million management buyout deal of a Chinese chain restaurant with 100+ stores
 Independently executed the due diligence and conducted all the required financial analysis.
 Involved closely in the negotiation; successfully convinced a bank to lend the management US$25
million by providing and presenting financial/operational analysis that eased the bank’s initial concerns.
 Involved in 20+ investment deals across various sectors including Intech Biotech (Taiwan Biotech; $2
million), TUTK (Taiwan IoT; $4 million), Reber Genetics (Taiwan Biotech), Yonho (China F&B), JiGuamg (Taiwan F&B), Winchannel (China Internet), Dopool (China Internet) and Exbox (China Internet).
Yuanta Securities Investment Consulting Co. Ltd
Taipei, Taiwan
[Company Info] Yuanta Securities, under Yuanta FHC (2885 TT), is the largest securities house in Taiwan,
with dominant market share of nearly 12% in brokerage and 20% in margin financing business.
Research Associate, Upstream Tech Team, Equity Research
June 2011 ~October 2012
 Worked closely with the Head of Upstream Tech in covering 30+ tech stocks across various sectors
including Foundry, IC Assembly & Testing, IC design, TFT, Touch panel, memory, LED and PCB.
 Given opportunity and responsibility to pen reports on behalf of senior analysts, visit companies,
build/adjust models, present in internal meetings, and respond queries raised by distribution team.
 Collaborated with Yuanta IBD team and independently wrote a research report of Asmedia (5269 TT) – a
subsidiary of Asustek (2357 TT) with focus on high-speed interface transmission chips (e.g. USB 3.0 and
thunderbolt). This later helped the firm successfully secure the OTC listing deal.
 Analyzed iML (3638 TT) through its p-gamma IC business in iPad and Macbook. View: Downgrade to
HOLD given lack of catalysts. Stock underperformed TAIEX by 30% in 2H12.
J.P. Morgan Securities Limited
Taipei, Taiwan
Intern, Asia Pacific Semiconductors Team, Equity Research
July 2010 ~ August 2010
 Worked closely with the Asia Pacific Semiconductors team in assisting analysts’ coverage on Taiwan
foundry, IC assembly and testing, IC design, and DRAM sectors.

Skills
Languages
License
Interests

Proficient in Microsoft Excel/Word, Bloomberg, and TEJ. Familiar with Matlab and R
Chinese (native) and English (fluent)
Senior Securities Specialist
Basketball, Boxing, and travelling

