Bozhang Su / Gender: Male / M: +86 185 1388 6882 / E:superiel@hotmail.com
Nationality

Chinese

Education
Sep 2013 – Oct 2014

Judge Business School, University of Cambridge, UK
Master of Finance (MFin),
Coursework: Private Equity, Merger and Acquisition, Advanced Corporate Finance, Financial Market and
Organization, Secondary Market in Emerging Market etc.

Sep 2006 – Oct 2010

La Trobe University, Australia
Bachelor of Commerce– Graduated with GPA ranked at top 1%, Recipient of full scholarship (a member of
Golden Key International Honour Society)
Coursework: Advanced Financial Reporting, Taxation, Fundamental of Valuation, Financial institutes etc.

Business experience
Jul 2015 –

China Development Bank(CDB), Shanghai, China
Management Trainee, Market Development and Equity Investment Department, Shanghai Branch
 Responsible for building up Shanghai regional debt capital markets business and origination across corporates,
financial institutions, and establishment of CDB footprint to promote interbank market and multiple debt capital
financing instruments.
 Provide bond underwriting services to various clients and conduct credit analysis to them.
 Sourcing deals for asset management services and financing asset management products with capitals from
insurance companies and banks.
 Provide services including credit rating advisory, bond issuance and public relation management to New
Development Bank, a newly established multilateral development bank.

Feb 2015 – May 2015

Gemini Investment (HKG:0174) (Overseas investment arm of Sinooceanland), Beijing, China
Business Development Manager
 In charge of investment assessment in overseas real estate market, and project management
 Constructing various valuation models, evaluating pitch books and making investment decision

Mar 2014 – May 2014

Barclays Investment Bank, London, UK
Analyst, Group Consulting Project, Distribution Division
 Researched into predictive buying analytics and Big Data techniques employed by retailers and commercial
bank. Apply the research outcome to the identification of buying patterns for flow investment banking products
 Engaged in financial products design, combine the proceeds of buying patterns with product feature designing.
Draft product design report and present to European sales head and Managing Director

Aug 2011 - Nov 2013

KPMG, Beijing/Ulaanbaatar, China/Mongolia
Assistant Manager, Transaction and Restructuring
 Assisted clients in identifying potential transaction issues, reducing transaction risk, choosing optimal
investment structure based on investment objective, and provide support in obtaining necessary commitments to
execute the deal.
 Project-managed and led the financial analysis of a number of HK-listed companies. Engaged in the valuation
team of Sunshine 100 (HKG: 2608)’s IPO in 2013. Engaged in financial due diligence engagement in Lisi
Group (HKG: 0526)’s acquisition. Engaged one agriculture company’s pre-IPO valuations.
 Advised internal and external clients on understanding value drivers and value composition of companies across
various industries, covering mainly consumer and retail, real estate.
Assistant Manager, Audit Department-Real Estate and Retails sectors
 Led teams in carrying out auditing field works, client-facing experiences as a team leader. Analysed clients’
financial statements, interpreted account movements, familiar with IFRS and PRC GAAP.
 Annual audit clients included: Renhe Commercial (HKG:1387), SOHO China (HKG:0410), Century Ginwa
(HKG:0162), CapitaLand (SGX: C31) and MCSP (Largest real estate developer in Mongolia).

Aug 2010 - Jul 2011

Research Center of Enterprise Development, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China
Analyst, Enterprise Advisory
 Provided management consulting services to companies with strong government connections
 Assisted in composing of “Coagulated Economies in Zhejiang Province”, published in 2010. Designed a matrix
to analyze different entities’ behaviors. The matrix was recorded in “Coagulated Economies in Zhejiang
Province”

Additional information
Languages
Achievements

Skills

Mandarin (Native), English (Fluent)
Received KPMG Bravo awards several times in honour of outstanding performance and hard work; Youngest team
leader among peers in KPMG; President of Chinese Students & Scholars Association (CSSA) in La Trobe
University; Executive and Co-founder of Spring Mud Charity; CFA level III candidate
MS Excel (Advanced), MS Word, MS PPT, CaseWare, Financial Modelling and VBA

