Yap Cin Yin
_____________________________________________________
Contact No. (Singapore)
Email

: +65 9694 3794
: cinyin_0822@yahoo.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE
To seek a position in a value driven organization and work to contribute the most to the
opportunities assigned to me, to develop personally and acquire comprehensive management
skills required to qualify for higher levels of responsibility to grow along with the
organization.
PERSONAL DETAILS
Identity Cards No.
Gender
Marital Status
Nationality
Date of birth
Residence address

: S8779714G
: Female
: Married
: Singaporean
: 22 August 1987
: 674B Jurong West Street 65 #10-50 Singapore 642674.

EDUCATION
Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountant
CPA Australia
Multimedia University
Bachelor of Accounting (Honours)

2005
-2010

CAREER SUMMARY
1) Three years and six months of Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants firm
working experience in preparing and reviewing full set of account, audit, corporate,
individual and partnership tax, goods and services tax and secretarial to a portfolio of clients
in diversified industries.
2) Three years and two months of eudcation industry working experience in account
receivable, account payable, maintain full set of account, donation and fixed asset function.

1|Page

WORKING EXPERIENCES
Singapore Management University
Senior Accounts Executive
• Administer scholarship, bursary, awards and grants which include the
maintenance of records, disbursements and reporting.
• Maintenance of donation records in SAP.
• Passing of journal entries to match expenditures incurred pertaining
to donations.
• Preparation of reports to external stakeholders, IRAS and MOE.
• Preparation of audit schedules and other internal reports.
• Assist with the preparation of quarterly reports for issuance.
• Other ad-hoc duties as assigned

2|Page

May 2016Oct 2016

WORKING EXPERIENCES (CONT'D)
Singapore Institute of Technology
Finance Assistant Manager
Account Receivable
• Billing and collection for trade customers/students/sponsors.
• Process the financial assistance schemes in accordance to the Funding
• Agencies requirements.
• Prepare ad-hoc refund to students.
• Prepare graduation and withdrawal files to agency bank relating to
student loan.
• Prepare monthly Account Receivable audit schedules, bank
reconciliation, and Goods and Services Tax report.
• Assist in preparing report to government agencies and statistical
department relating to Account Receivable.
• Assist in liaision with internal and external auditors.
• Involve in System Implementation (e.g. SAP implementation)
Account Payable
• Prepare payments to students and vendors.
• Assist in preparation of Good and Services Tax return.
• Prepare monthly Account Payable audit schedules.
Fixed Asset
• Maintain Fixed Assets register.
• Perform monthly depreciation run.
• Prepare monthly Fixed Asset audit schedules.
• Assist in annual physical assets verification.
Donation
• Maintain donation records.
• Prepare disbursement of scholarships/bursaries.
• Issue tax deductible receipt.
• Prepare donation report to IRAS and MOE.
•

3|Page

Aug 2013May 2016

WORKING EXPERIENCES (CONT'D)
Stone Forest Accountserve Pte Ltd (Chio Lim Stone Forest Group),
Singapore.
Singapore
Accounts Senior
• Provide value added book-keeping and accounting service for the
following clients:
 REC Singapore
a. Prepare corporate income tax computation for 5 inter company.
b. Prepare year-end tax schedule for 5 inter company.
 Ji Mei Flower Pte Ltd & JM Floral Creation
a. Day-to-day data entries to update vendor and customer account.
b. Assisting in payment run.
c.
 Wingolf Pte Ltd
 a. Prepare order template.
REC Cells
Pte Ltd,
RECand
Modules
Pte Ltd)
b. Update
shipment
listing
order listing.
c.
 Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd
 a. Review and update employee travel claim to ensure compliance
with
withcompany
company policy
policy.
 AT & T Singapore Pte Ltd
 a. Receiving, sorting and distributing incoming mail company.
policy cash book.
b. Update
d. c. Preparing and sending outgoing mailings and packages.
d. Update and maintain employee reimbursement database.
e. Perform bank reconciliation.
 JTC Corporation
 a. Check and review payment proposal processed by Account
Payable team.
b. Check new vendors or bank detail created by all Account
Payable staffs.
c. Online batch submission of Stamp Duties payable.
d. Posting of Singapore Power invoices.
 Singapore Institute of Technology
a. Perform full Accounts Payable (AP) functions including GIRO
b. management.
b. Prepare monthly audit schedules relating to AP functions.
c. Responsible for AP month-end closing.

4|Page

Jul 2012Jul 2013

WORKING EXPERIENCES (CONT’D)
Casey Lin & Company, Singapore.
Audit Associate (semi-senior)
Audit
• Provide quality audit services to a portfolio of diversified clients and
their stakeholders with no specialization.
• Responsible for various aspects of auditing function (statutory,
special, rental, sales, charity, Institutions of a Public Character (IPCs) ,
group and consolidation).
• Plan engagement objectives and an audit strategy that complies with
professional standards and appropriately addresses risk.
• Managing audit engagements which include initial engagement
planning, analysis of controls and processes, preparation and review of
documentationsandand
management
and reports and
audit documentations
management
lettersletters
and reports.
• Direct field work, manage engagement economics and inform
managers and partner of the audit engagement status.
• Monitor the engagement team's progress against budget and timeline
and alter it when needed.
• Supervise and develop audit associate by effectively delegating audit
tasks and providing guidance.
• Developing and maintaining long term client relationship, assessing
audit clients' satisfaction and identifying business development
opportunities by proactively maintain contact with the audit client
throughout the year.
Tax
• Prepare and review clients' corporate and individual tax computations,
tax returns and tax relevant forms.
• Assist clients in resolutions of tax issues with the tax authority.
• Prepare, review and submit Good and Services Tax quarterly
• returns.
Account
• Prepare and review compilation of unaudited financial statements
report in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards.
• Prepare full set of financial statement in XBRL format and
financial highlights.
• Handle full set of accounts by using UBS accounting software.
Secretarial
• Prepare Annual General Meeting, standard board resolutions
and minutes.
• Handle statutory filling with ACRA and IRAS.

5|Page

Jul 2010Jun 2012

WORKING EXPERIENCES (CONT’D)
Lew Pow Onn & Co , Malaysia.

June 2009Nov 2009

Audit Associate
(semi-senior)
and Tax Associate
Audit
• Perform and manage statutory audit assignments in accordance
with Malaysian Auditing Standards and Malaysian Financial Reporting
Standard.
Tax
• Prepare clients' corporate and individual tax computation, tax returns
and tax relevant forms.
SKILLS
Technical
• A good understanding of accounting, auditing standards and related tax regulations.
• Good working knowledge of International Financial Reporting Standards(IFRS),
Singapore Standards on Auditing (SSA), Singapore Financial Reporting Standard
(SFRS) and Singapore Companies Act (the “Act”).
Computer
• Proficient in accounting software: UBS, Accpac, MYOB, Navision, Peoplesoft and
SAP.
• Proficient with Microsoft office Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Languages (Written and Spoken)
• Good command in English, Mandarin and Malay.
PERSONAL STRENGTHS
•
•
•
•
•
•

Excellent communication and interpersonal skill.
Strong analytical and meticulous skills.
Excellent business acumen.
Strong leadership and project management skills.
Able to manage multiple engagement and deadline drive.
Integrity within a professional environment.

MISCELLANEOUS
•
•

Job Availability : Immediately
Expected Monthly Salary : SGD 3,800 to SGD 4,200 (Negotiable)

6|Page

