LING JIA YI, JERALD (MR)
Mobile: +65 8228 7612
Email: jerald.ling@gmail.com

CAREER SUMMARY
Achievement-oriented finance professional with 8 years’ experience in financial planning and
analysis, management reporting, business partnering, and accounting, across countries in Asia Pacific
(including China, Japan, Korea, India, South-East Asia and Pacific).
Prior Big-Four audit experience built up strong foundation in IFRS and internal controls compliance topics.
Strong Excel/PowerPoint skills, excellent multi-tasking and organizational aptitudes, self-motivated, and
disciplined.
Ability to analyze and manage cost center budgets, streamline operations, forecast and budget modeling
and reporting.
Effective communicator and problem solver, adapt quickly to different software and office systems.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Festo AG, Region Asia Pacific (based in Singapore)
Nov 2012 – Present:
Manager Finance Asia Pacific
Responsibilities
• Analyze financial results for balance sheet and P&L items, and prepare monthly reports for the
Regional President.
• Develop forecasting tools and dashboards to analyze sales and orders variances, business pipeline
and industry trends.
• Support the company's Strategic 5-year Business Plan, Annual Budget, as well as Quarterly
Forecast planning processes, through development of new planning templates and tools.
• Responsible for the controlling of regional cost budget, taking into consideration tax optimization
within the Region for regional management fee recharge.
• Involve in market specific ad-hoc investigative analysis, such as market SG&A benchmarking, to
support decision-making.
Achievements
• Successfully standardized the monthly reporting review deck in Asia Pacific, to have aligned
financial and business analytics for management steering.
• Integral part of the Regional Project Team to implement new SAP modules for financial
consolidation, as well as management and statutory reporting.
• Improved forecast accuracy of Sales and Overhead Costs from 80% to 95% through development of
forecasting tools and dashboards.
• Facilitate to uplift the competency of the cluster FP&A team by conducting workshops to harmonize
the planning and analysis of P&L and Balance Sheet items.

Johnson & Johnson, Consumer Division, Region Asia Pacific (based in Singapore)
May 2010 – Nov 2012: Regional Senior Finance Analyst
Responsibilities
• Manage the financial budgeting process in preparing template, consolidation and reporting.
• Work closely with Regional Marketing and Regional Supply Chain team on price and cost
efficiencies to evaluate price increase opportunities to mitigate increasing inflation.
• Collaborate with the AP Region’s companies to consolidate, analyze and report key financial threats
and opportunities to the Finance Management.

• Consolidate financial information across the AP Region, focusing on analytics and reporting of Gross
Profit and related profit and loss accounts, Headcount, Cost Improvement Projects, Accounts
Receivable, and Inventory.
• Presented to US Corporate during budget updates on Asia Pacific’s financials, together with
recommendations on profit recovery to achieve financial targets.
• Handled ad-hoc projects such as Japan earthquake and Thailand flooding insurance claims to
analyze the financial impacts from such events.
Achievements
• Involve in the design of a standardized consolidation and reporting process, as well as lead the
implementation of that process within J&J Asia Pacific Regional.
• Lead a team of Accountants based in Manila to ensure timely closure of Regional Office’s books and
compliance to J&J Worldwide Procedures.

National University Hospital, Singapore
Jul 2009 – May 2010: Financial Analyst
Responsibilities
• Built financial models to evaluate pricing and costing of hospital services.
• Liaise with various medical departments in project and capital investment valuations.
• Review of monthly and quarterly P&L and provide analysis of variances to projection.
• Collaborated with the Ministry of Health (MOH) for Subvention and Funding Policies.
Deloitte & Touche LLP, Singapore
Aug 2008 – Jul 2009: Audit Assistant
Responsibilities
• Inspected book entries to determine if proper accounting procedures were followed in recording
transactions.
• Made recommendations to improve the operations and financial position of the entity.
SKILLS
Microsoft Office – Well-versed in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint; Basic knowledge of
Microsoft Access
SAP – Good knowledge of SAP to perform accounting functions such as journal entries, and report
generation
Language Skills – Proficient in English and Chinese (Spoken, Written)

EDUCATION
Bachelor in Accountancy: Nanyang Technological University: 2005 – 2008
GCE ‘A’ Levels: St. Andrew’s Junior College: 2001 – 2002

REFERRAL
Provided upon request

