Peter Nagle
61 Grange Road, Singapore, 249570
Email: peternagle66@gmail.com
Mobile (65) 94565815

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Seasoned asset servicing executive with 30 years’ experience across 4 top international financial institutions. A
proven strategic and visionary thinker who can energize and create highly motivated organizational structures to
execute and deliver. Has a reputation for integrity, excellent interpersonal skills with a track record in strategy,
risk management and tactical leadership.
Peter has worked with some of the largest asset manager firms globally and interacted with these companies at
board room level including Federated Investors, Blackrock and Vanguard while also working with a diverse range
of alternative asset managers in PE/RE/Infrastructure and traditional hedge funds. In his career, he has headed
up dedicated sales teams and launched new operational entities in Switzerland, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Channel
Islands and Luxembourg. Peter has successfully integrated acquired companies including Bear Sterns and
ABSA into existing platforms.
Extensive knowledge of SEA regulations and markets coupled with excellent operational and risk management
background.
Achievements
- Created and headed up dedicated Trustee Sales team across Europe for JP Morgan resulting in an annual
average increase of revenue of 4% to 26% per annum
-Project managed cross jurisdictional with multiple applications the launch of AIFMD for 180 funds and $60 billion
of assets for Blackrock. Went live successfully the day the directive came into being.
-Created detailed corporate governance structures for Standard Chartered including creation of group operating
procedures, creation of the Product Program Governance framework, creation of the operating risk framework
model for the product.
-Considerable knowledge of the regulatory and cultural norms in Asian/European markets.
-Extensive board experience. Acted as Board Director for entities in 4 different jurisdictions including the Cayman
Islands and has had substantial engagement at C suite level and with the boards of asset management
companies in Trustee role.
-Subject matter expert on AIFMD and UCITS V.
- Have led senior multi-disciplined teams across multiple jurisdictions.

Standard Chartered Bank Plc, Singapore
Global Head of Trustee & Fiduciary and Compliance Reporting
Current)






(August 2014 –

Responsibility for the P&L and the strategic direction of the products on a global basis including expansion,
acquisition and driving efficiency initiatives.
Closely engage with business development teams to grow the business in a controlled and profitable
manner.
Responsibilities currently cover 14 jurisdictions across three continents including Luxembourg.
Ensures that appropriate corporate governance of the underlying product is in place and executed.
Ensures that appropriate operating procedures exist and are carried out in all jurisdictions. Recent
developments include the creation of centres of excellence, extensive off-shoring activities and significant
automation of processes




Advises Regulators in relation to the drafting and rollout of new legislation.
Board member of three Standard Chartered companies including Standard Chartered Bank Trust Company,
Hong Kong and Standard Chartered Bank Trust Company Singapore Limited.

J.P. Morgan Bank (Ireland) Plc
Executive Director, Trust & Fiduciary

(January 2002 – July 2014)



Provision of strategic direction and operational management, incorporating the profitable management of the
group's Profit and Loss account. Drove all initiatives across the business with regard to global regulatory
changes and instituted governance structures to validate all illiquid pricing marks.



Created and led dedicated team to target opportunities arising from the AIFM directive. Net business revenue growth
through these efforts of 26% in 2013 and heading towards 30% in 2014.



Alternative Investment Specialist for the European arm of JP Morgan Investor Services.



Regional head for 5 markets including Ireland, Jersey, Germany, Switzerland and Guernsey (set up operations in
Switzerland and Guernsey).




Responsibility for staff recruitment and supervision
Ensure that Trustee functions including an internal monitoring program, site visit program and client
servicing are carried out to the highest professional standards.
Direct responsibility for assets in excess $400 billion managed by over 45 fund management groups
including funds managed by names such as Vanguard, Blackrock, GAM, Allianz, Fidelity, Federated
Investors and specialist alternative managers such as Blue Crest, Winton,
Heavily involved in system development, benchmarking initiatives and business process re-engineering.
Report to the Global Head of JP Morgan Trust & Fiduciary Group.
Board director of JP Morgan (Cayman) Trust Company Limited







Barings (Ireland) Limited (Part of the ING Group)
Head of Custody and Trustee Operations






Provision of strategic direction and operational management, bringing coherence and leadership to a team
of seventeen to achieve its full potential.
Ensure that Trustee functions including the completion of investment checklists, NAV reviews and reports
are completed accurately and on a timely basis.
Responsibility for assets managed by 26 fund management groups.
Effectively liaising with global custodians covering a network of 87 countries.
Ensuring overall smooth running of this operation with active involvement in the launch of new funds, project
management and adhering to strict legal requirements at all times.
(August 1986 - September 1996)

AIB Bank- multiple roles






(September 1996 - January 2002)

AIB Security Services : Custody Executive
AIB Investment Managers : Head of Custody Operations
AIB Bank – Interbank Derivative Trader – Deutschemark FRA / Futures trader, managed EMS cash book for
the bank
AIB Credit Card Company

EDUCATION

Smurfit Business School, Dublin
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Thesis: The Effect of E-Business on Fund Management Groups

(1998 – 2000)

University College Dublin
Bachelor of Financial Services, Hons

(1995)

Institute of Bankers & UCD
Professional Banking Diploma

(1994)

Irish Management Institute (IMI)
Certificate in Supervisory Management

(1990)

Institute of Bankers
Banking Certificate

(1989)

National Council for Educational Awards (NCEA)
Certificate in Business Studies

(1986)

