

04 Feb 1988



Chinese



Malaysian (Singapore Permanent Resident)



Single



sin_n0402@hotmail.com

Employment History
Portcullis (Singapore) Pte Ltd

Portcullis Trust (Singapore) Ltd

Corporate Secretarial Assistant

March 2011 – June 2011

Corporate Secretarial Officer

July 2011 – April 2012

Senior Corporate Secretarial Officer

May 2012 – April 2015

Corporate Secretarial Executive

May 2015 – July 2016

Trust Administrator

July 2016 - present

Work Profiles & Community Services
1.1 Advise client on pre & post offshore incorporation matters including private companies registered in the BVI,
Cayman Islands, Cook Islands, Mauritius, Samoa & Seychelles.
1.2 Handle and manage portfolios of high net worth individuals and families.
1.3 Handle full spectrum of corporate secretarial works (including nominee corporate director/shareholder
services) - offshore companies set up; review & preparation of documents; drafting of resolutions; delivery of
corporate documents to clients; maintenance of correspondence, corporate records & statutory registers.
1.4 Coordinate with Singapore/overseas offices/agents on pre & post offshore & onshore companies activities e.g.
registration & renewal of companies’ licences, annual/ad hoc filings with the relevant authorities.
1.5 Maintain corporate database including timely entry of client & corporate details in the customized software.
1.6 Ensure compliance with statutory & regulatory requirements, perform risk assessment & periodic review.
1.7 Ensure billing of time costs, collect payment timely, review fees & propose fee increase where appropriate.
2.1 Maintain & administer private trusts, including compliance, set-up, restructuring, infusion, distribution,
acquisition/disposal of assets, account opening/maintenance, investments, trades, payments & termination.
2.2 Maintain & administer (including 1.1-1.7 above) asset holding companies & underlying companies of trust.
2.3 Liaise with clients, banks, accountants, auditors, tax agents, lawyers, in relation to trust & company activities.
2.4 Ensure appropriate consents / approvals are obtained for all transactions.
2.5 Ensure every transaction is properly & accurately accounted, documented & filed.
2.6 Perform annual trust & company reviews (including CDD, AML, FATCA & risk reviews).
2.7 Issue invoices – trust & company set-up fees, annual fees, time costs & disbursements.
3.1 Appointed by Group HR Director as coordinator of the Group’s CSR events in year 2012 (re-appointed in
years 2013–2016). Acting as main point of contact for the Group’s community services, organizing & planning
for the Group’s monthly visits to Red Cross Home for the Disabled (“Home”) & yearly X’mas party for the
residents & staff of the Home), organizing fund raising events, calling for volunteers & etc.

GOH Hui Sin – 10 March 2017

Page 1 of 3

Strengths and Skills



Skilled in Microsoft Applications (Microsoft Words, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Point)
Languages (0 = Poor, 10 = Excellent)
Languages
Mandarin
English
Bahasa Malaysia

Spoken
9
7
5

Written
9
7
5

Summary Profile











Patient, polite, quiet and able to deal with confidential information
Average communication skills
Strong time management, organizational, analytical & problem solving skills
Meticulous, responsible, hard working, self-motivated & well-disciplined
Able to prioritise & meet deadlines
Work with little supervision, able work independently & work well as a team
Keen to learn & desire to excel
Attempt to go above & beyond what is required
Maintain excellent attendance, committed to works, stay on track & focus on works
Pursuing The Singapore Association of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators qualification

Others:
 Reason for transfer

: Career development program for employees – an opportunity to be part of Portcullis
Trust (Singapore) Ltd (“PTSL”) was offered by the board of directors of Portcullis
Group upon completion of the April 2016 performance appraisal. Officially transferred
to PTSL as a Trust Administrator in July 2016.

 Reason for leaving

: Change of environment – to explore more opportunities and broaden my skills

 Last Drawn Salary

: around expected salary

 Expected Salary

: min. SGD4,000

 Date of Availability

: min. one month notice

GOH Hui Sin – 10 March 2017

Page 2 of 3

Academic Background
N/A

Pursuing

The Singapore Association of the Institute
of Chartered Secretaries and
Administrators (SAICSA) qualification
International Qualifying Scheme (IQS),
Professional Part II

Liverpool John Moores University

June 2010 – Sep 2010

 Class I

(Liverpool, UK)
Kolej Tunku Abdul Rahman

BA (Hons) Commerce

May 2008 – Jan 2010

(Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia)

Advance Diploma in Commerce
(Business Management cum MAICSA
International Qualifying Scheme (IQS),
Professional Part I)
 Graduate with Distinction
 CGPA : 3.82 / 4.00
 Awarded Book Prize

Kolej Tunku Abdul Rahman

May 2006 – May 2008

(Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia)

Diploma in Business Studies
(Business Administration)
 Graduate with Distinction
 CGPA : 3.92 / 4.00
 Awarded Book Prize

S.M.K Sri Perhentian

2003 – 2005

(Johor, Malaysia)

Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM)
 8A 1B

Subjects Learned
Basic Management Principles and Policies

Corporate Financial Management

Business Communication

Financial Accounting

Business IT & Application

International Marketing

Business Statistics

International Operations Management

Commercial Law of Malaysia

Malaysian Company Secretarial Practice

Company Law

Malaysian Taxation (Business & Personal)

Corporate Administration

Managing Information System

Corporate and Operation Management

Managing Projects

Corporate Governance

Strategic Human Resource Management

GOH Hui Sin – 10 March 2017

Page 3 of 3

