Tan Mei Yun
Age: 32 years old
Hp: 9763-7767
Professional Experience
Oct 15 – Present
Credit Suisse Trust Limited
Trust Manager

Mar 15 – Oct 15

•

Responsible for administration of Trusts and Private investment
companies

•

Perform periodic trust reviews in accordance with the company’s
policies and procedures

•

Liaise and work closely with bankers/lawyers/external auditor and tax
agents to ensure smooth administration.

•

Prepare documents for business prospects and setting up new trust
accounts. Arrange trust deeds, custodian agreements and company
documents for execution.

•

Maintaining fiduciary documentary files according to guidelines and
procedures so as to ensure that legal fiduciary and record keeping
responsibility are performed.

TMF Trustee Singapore Limited
Trust Officer
•

Review trust deeds during periodic review and as and when required
for on-going administration process and other ancillary documents,
drafting letter of wishes, perform due diligence on settlor, beneficiaries
and related parties to the trust, incorporation of underlying companies
under the trust and open bank and investment accounts for the trust
structure.

•

Liaise with clients, bankers, advisors, protectors etc for periodic trust
reviews and daily on-going administration matters.

•

Liaise with the Relationship Managers (RMs) and where mutually
agreed with the RMs, to lawyers, private bankers and internal office
liaisons in different jurisdictions relating to trust administration issues.

•

Discuss the PAR (Performance Analysis Review) report with RMs as
well as matters relating to fees and costs of service delivery. Review
and monitor the compliance report required by Compliance officer on
a monthly basis and liaise with Compliance Officer/Head of Trust
Administration as required.

•

Carry out administration work such as corporate secretarial work of
the Trusts’ underlying companies. This includes ensuring that all
resolutions and minutes are properly prepared and executed and that
all records are kept up-to-date.

•

Nov 11 – Feb 15

Dec 09 – Nov 11

Proactively monitor and reviewing templates to ensure they continue
to meet the needs of clients and the administration needs of the team.

Citi Private Bank - Cititrust (Singapore) Limited
Trust Associate
•

Assist the Trust Administration Team in managing client accounts
and responding to clients’ requests.

•

Work closely with Wealth Planners and Relationship Managers for
ongoing businesses and for on-boarding new business.

•

Liaise with the account opening units to ensure new bank accounts
are established.

•

Ensure all Trust Documentation is correctly signed off and is logged
and placed in secure vault.

•

Tracking and monitoring the funding of new trusts.

•

Close bank accounts for Private Investment Companies and advising
internal client reporting Unit.

•

Process transactions and billings as well as take care of the day to day
administration.

•

Document preparation and execution of transactions.

•

Preparation of Directors’ Resolution and Trustee Minutes.

•

Assist Team Deputy with team meetings and compilation of reports.

HSBC Private Bank – Trustee Singapore
Business Implementation Unit – Officer
•

Work with the Head of BIU and Head of Trust Administration in
conversion of matters from Wealth Planning responsibility to
Relationship Managers responsibility.

•

Prepare documents for business prospects and setting up new trust
accounts. Arrange trust deeds, custodian agreements and company
documents for execution.

•

Prepare and ensure client’s private banking account opening
documentations are complete and liaise with private banking
managers to resolve account documentation discrepancies.

•

Review client’s profiles and make searches/enquiries to gather
information for assessment of the clients.

•

Ensure compliance with local regulatory rules and internal policies by
doing comprehensive checks on clients’ background.

May 06 - Dec 09

•

Check for completeness and accuracy of clients’ data entered in the
bank's computer system.

•

Track assets and securities that will be transferred into the private
banking account and match them with the current market valuation.

•

Prepare trade documentations upon requests from clients/RMs and
pass correct trade orders to client service associate to execute trades.

•

Ensure all payments instruction received from clients are duly verified
and executed in a timely basic in accordance with the details and
timeline provided.

•

Liaise with external auditors and tax agent for the engagement and
receives findings and effect follow-up on the findings.

OCBC Securities (OSPL)
Front Office, Customer Service
Executive Officer
Front Line Client Services
• Supervise four service staffs and ensure delivering of 1st class client
experiences to private and corporate clients.
• Resolve external & internal clients’ enquiries over the counter,
through phone and via emails in timely manner.
• Liaised with various departments to investigate the reasons behind
breakdown in trading processes, corporate action for foreign shares
and procedure for shares transfer.
• Disseminate and harness appropriate information for a better
solution to customers’ enquiries.
• Perform due diligence and KYC checks on all trading accounts
opened ensuring adherence on PEP, AML directive,
delinquency/bankruptcy guideline, verifications on ownership.
• Screen all individual and corporate account opening form over the
counter to ascertain all forms are filled up correctly and all supporting
documents verified by the relevant personnel and to be sent for
approval to various division – Operation Heads, Compliance & Legal
Counsel.
• Experience in opening and handling estate accounts; providing
information and guidance on required documents to the deceased
administrator and executor.
• Participate in road-show & events to market for new accounts.
• Set up product manual and work procedures for new product
launches.
• Prepare training materials and provide coaching to new staffs.
• Chairman of OCBC Securities Task Force 2008.
Complaint Management
•

•

Lead coordinator for FIDReC, complain cases pertaining to the
clients losses in products such as Lehman’s Minibond, Morgan
Stanley Pinnacle Notes, Merrill Lynch Jubilee Notes.
Interview, record and prepare Customers’ & RMs statements to be
send for mediation and adjudication.

•

Liaise with external lawyers, OCBC legal counsels and FIDReC case
managers on complaint customers’ cases, updating all cases and
reporting to head of department and directors.

Projects
• Represent OSPL to work in a team of 10 members from various
departments of OCBC Bank. Project focuses on working on an
Integrated Application form that streamline account opening
processes.
• Liaise with different department in OCBC Securities/Bank to
establish term and condition/work flow for opening an online trading
account.
• Doing UAT testing on OCBC Bank internet banking to implement
online facilities for opening trading account.
Educational Qualification
2 Feb 2016

STEP Diploma in International Trust Management

Jul 07 - Dec 11

Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT)
Singapore Institute of Management (SIM)
• Bachelor of Business
• Major in Banking and Finance

Jul 03 - Apr 06

Singapore Polytechnic, 2006
• Diploma in Computer Networking

Relevant Skills
Trading Product knowledge
• Well-versed in cash trading account, margin account, share borrowing
account, managed account
• Understand the workflow and processing time to facilitate trade
between client and sales person
Web Centric Skill
• Competent in computer application software such as MS Word,
PowerPoint, Excel, AS400, ON DEMAND, SGX system and Lotus
Note
Interpersonal and communication skill
• Excellent in managing customer’s expectation within constraint of
banking rules
• Obtain valuable soft skill and techniques needed to handle
demanding customers
• Able to communicate confidently and write in English, Mandarin and
Cantonese
Multi-tasking
• Able to provide financial product related information and charges
accurately while servicing and managing all customers request
efficiently and quickly in a fast paced and dynamic environment
• Excel in multi-task by providing resolution both on email, phone and
over the counter
• Able to work under pressure while maintaining KPI standards

Awards
Excellent Service Award (EXSA) - national award supported by Spring Singapore

Gold Award in Banking Sector, 2009

National award that recognizes individuals who have delivered quality service.

It seeks to develop service models for staff to emulate, and to create service
champions.
OCBC Service Excellence Awards

GEMS Service Award, 2008
Hobbies
Yoga
Kickboxing
Jogging

