Chua Pei Jing Joy
Cellular Number: (+852) 9263 5730
Address: 2/F, 866 Canton Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
D.O.B: 27th October 1988
Availability: One-month notice

Email Address: joy.p.j.chua@gmail.com
Singapore Citizen
Hong Kong Identity Cardholder

WORK EXPERIENCE
HSBC Trustee (Hong Kong) Limited
Sep 15 - Current
HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Limited
Jun 13 – Aug 15
Trust Relationship Officer, Private Wealth Solutions
§ Delivering high levels of client facing service, obtaining new business acceptance approvals for trust, probate, immigration and
other Private Wealth Solutions and/or Private Banking products.
§ Assists Team Head in the retention, development and portfolio growth of high net worth client relationships.
§ Providing quality and efficient day-to-day support to Trust Relationship Managers and professional counterparts servicing
China, Hong Kong and Taiwan markets including, client enquiries, ongoing documentation, Customer Due Diligence reviews,
bank account opening and ad hoc projects (ie. FATCA and CRS).
§ Specializing in Discretionary Settlement and Settlor-directed Trust setups and restructures in various jurisdictions.
§ Consistently meets the standards of compliance and audit requirements.
§ Developed knowledge on property and tax intricacies relating to legacy planning for the wealthy in global markets with
specific exposures to Indonesia, United Kingdom and United States-domiciled clients.
§ Participated actively in front-end User Acceptance Tests for Singapore and Hong Kong’s integration into new Global Private
Wealth Solutions platform for go-live September 2014 and Phase 2 Cayman Islands synchronization for Q2 2017.
DBS Bank Ltd (Singapore)
Oct 11 – Jun 13
MIS Support, Group Finance Division
§ Responsible for group-wide Enterprise Performance Management; country lead for Hong Kong and London branches.
§ Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) in-charge for South Asia countries – managed configurations to meet country’s charge/credit
requirements while remaining in line with group standards and policies.
§ Involved in the launch of iQuotes (straight-through Yield Curve Rate processing system) and maintenance of bank’s Data
Framework platform with aim of streamlining procedures and minimizing manual workarounds.
Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation (Shanghai, Pudong Branch)
Jan 08 – Mar 08
Bank Reconciliation, Operations Department
§ Achieved grade A upon successful completion of Singapore Polytechnic Industrial Training Programme.
§ Liaised with overseas office for end-of-day Profit and Loss positions for reconciliation of FX and non-FX (commodities and
equities) products, launched investigations into front-end general ledger entries to resolve outage between accounts.
§ Ensured all documents meet regulatory capital reporting requirements.
EDUCATION AND PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION
STEP Diploma in International Trust Management
§ Trust Administration and Accounts
§ Trustee Investment and Financial Appraisal
§ Trust Creation: Law and Practice
§ Company Law and Practice
University of Queensland (Australia, St. Lucia Campus)
§ Completed Bachelor of Commerce, major in Finance
§ Achieved cumulative GPA of 5.33 out of 7.
Singapore Polytechnic
§ Completed Diploma in Banking & Financial Services
§ Attained the School of Business Honors Roll in year 2006
§ Achieved cumulative GPA of 3.028 out of 4.

May 16 – Current
Distinction
Distinction
68%, Passed
Expected completion Nov-17
Jul 09 – Dec 10

Apr 06 – May 09

ORGANISATIONAL AND COMMITTEE EXPERIENCE
Singapore Polytechnic, Student Entrepreneur Club
Apr 07 – May 08
Vice-President, 6th executive committee
§ Led a team of 8 executive committee members and oversaw 30 sub-committee members.
§ Supervised and guided the executive committee in the vision of the club and management of campus-wide entrepreneurial
activities and events.
REFERENCES
§ Available upon request

