Adrian Hew Weng Choong
Blk 304, #04-49,
Canberra Rd,
750304 Sembawang, Singapore
Mobile (Singapore): +65 9343 9549
Mobile (Malaysia):+6012 377 6706
Email: adrianhew@gmail.com
Career Summary
 Developed accounting, finance and audit skills through extensive practical experience with Hewlett-Packard,
Schlumberger, and Big 4 Accounting Firms of Deloitte and KPMG.

 Demonstrated good leadership, perserverence, diligence, teamwork, time management and soft skills via
involvement in various university groups, community groups and during my working career.

 Excellent technical skills including programming language, Audit Software’s, IT/Business Software(s) (ie.
SAP/Oracle) and advanced Microsoft Office skills.

Education
2012 – present, CPA Australia (Certified Practicing Accountants of Australia)
Majors: Australian Chartered Accountants Program
2006 – 2010, Bachelor in Business, Victoria University
Majors: Accounting/Banking and Finance
May 2003 - May 2004, Foundation of Engineering, Multimedia University, Malaysia
Majors: Alpha Engineering
2002, SPM (High School Certificate), Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Subang Jaya
Relevant Work Experience and Skills
Feb 2015 – present, Team Leader, Statutory Accountant
Hewlett-Packard, Cyberjaya
Duties:
 Ap p o inted as T eam Lead er wit h 4 -5 staffs u n d er me to carry out E2E complex financial analysis and
provided support to both Philippines and Singapore for each countries’ ACL(s), Controllership and BU Finance(s).

 Handled HPQ Split to both HPE and HPI via transitioning and delegating job duties to newly recruited staffs





whilst providing supervisory guidance in Q3 and Q4 2015(i.e. official date of HPQ split is on 1st Nov 2015).
Prepared accounting and management reports whilst handling the financial analysis for both Philippines and
Singapore on their US/Local GAAP regulatory and framework as per AFM Compliance (eg. Balance Sheet, Profit
& Loss, Cash flow and Budgets on every monthly and quarterly basis for review during YEC of statutory audit).
Handled and coordinated Big 4 Firm’s external auditors and respective business partners during the interim and
YEC (Year End Close) audit as per the requirement of the external auditors
Responsible for Philippines’s VAT filings and VAT provisions, tax remittance, ANET reconciliation (i.e. as both
preparer and reviewer), Interco billing and WHT submissions, ROVAC and PTE, disclosure of leases and VIE,
contingency budgeting, local statistic surveys, funding requirement, accrual/reversal expense postings, etc.
Resp o nsib le fo r Sing ap o r e’s consolidation of the F5 GST tax submission/return, handled task force issues
(i.e. providing consulting services in respect of process improvement), LHJV and eQuate postings for GST tax
returns, ANET Recons (i.e. as both preparer and reviewer), supervised the KPI reviews for 4-5 staffs under me, etc.

Jan 2013 – Jan 2015, Intercompany Accountant
Schlumberger, Kuala Lumpur
Duties:
 Preparing monthly & quarterly Global Intercompany Matrix Reporting.
[ie. I was in charge of Northern Europe Geomarket Region for MI entity and SMITH entity job tasks]
 Initiated and documented process improvements in the Intercompany role to increase work efficiency.
 Responsible for the Intercompany queries, Intercompany confirmation process and to ensure
Intercompany reporting are completed before the required expected deadline.
 Running the day-to-day operations to meet the KPI objectives based on Service Level Agreements
(SLA) between the Hub and Region for Intercompany Accounting and Finance related matters.
 Prepared the fiscal financial analysis reports and consolidated the management accounting reports as per
requirement by the Financial Controller and the Field Segment Financial Managers.
 Provided operations support to Geomarket on the Oil & Gas contracts of Balance Sheet, P&L and cash
flow budget analysis for the Operations Controller and Manager’s planning and execution of processes.

Feb 2011 – Jan 2013, Senior Auditor
Deloitte, Kuala Lumpur
Duties:
 Responsible for information and document collection by updating the client’s record on annual basis.
 Managing and conducting financial analysis and audit verification with clients’ documents and data.
 Utilized the Audit Software of Deloitte’s AS/2 (Audit System 2), SAP Portal, MYOB, Avaya VPN
and various other Accounting Technical Software for the completion of audit engagements.
 Conducted audit and assurance based on Deloitte’s methodology in preparation of audit reports.
 Providing professional advices and feedbacks for clients’ business strategies and implementations.
 Carried out client statutory audits as per required from Sarbanes-Oxley(SOX) and US/local GAAP
framework from diverse industries such as IT, Engineering, Oil & Gas, Construction, Financial
Services, Banking, Logistic/Shipping, Pharmaceutical, Health and Fitness.
Aug 2010 – Jan 2011, Auditor
Crowe Horwath, Kuala Lumpur
Duties:
Retrieved materials from various client sources, maintain accurate audit records, processed a
wide variety of accounting data, while identifying and resolving audit data discrepancies.
 Demonstrated the ability to be initiative and to make appropriate linkages in between my audit work
requirements and anticipate t he next steps to complete the client’s audit engagement.
 Demonstrated effective work ethic skills that contribute to the smooth functioning of the audit team.
 Used a variation of MS Office Software such as PowerPoint, Excel and Word, and other IT apps.
 Drafted email communications t o c l i e n t s with clarity and via effective oral/verbal communication.
 Worked in various PLC entities within the industries which had the following backgrounds of IT
services, mechanical engineering services and construction services.
Additional Work Experience
Nov 2008 – Jan 2009, VT Tax Assistant
Deloitte, Kuala Lumpur
Duties:
 Building thorough knowledge of individual and business tax returns, processes and procedures.
 Preparing and completing the tax documentation for clients’ tax returns.
 Assisted in the preparation and coordination of t ax analysis of clients’ financial statement and reports
 Produced the tax depreciation schedule, tax journal entries, and tax capital allowance schedule.
 Awarded 2008 Asian Internship Program via CPA Australia & Deloitte for this summer internship
Dec 2007 – Feb 2008, VT Audit Assistant
KPMG, Kuala Lumpur
Duties:
 Assisted senior auditors with all phases of audit engagement.
 Assisted for vouching, invoice data collection, pre-planning and closing of audited accounts.
 Handling basic accounting duties such as recording transactions and verification of accounts.
 Assisted audit seniors/supervisors in preparation of audit reports.
 Awarded 2007 Asian Internship Program via CPA Australia & KPMG for this summer internship
IT Skills
My Software Competency:
• QuickBooks and MYOB, Microsoft Office Suite including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access,
FrontPage, and Outlook, C++ Language, HTML, PHP, ASP. Net, SAP System and Oracle System
My Operating System Competency:
• Microsoft Windows 2000/2003/XP/Vista/7/8/10 and MAC OS X 10.0 until 10.11
Additional skills
Communication skills demonstrated by:
• Using good conversational and listening skills to ensure good communication with clients,
entities, fellow colleagues and managers on field work at HP, Schlumberger and Deloitte.
• Liaising with clients from various backgrounds and industries while maintaining a professional
relationship with clients(eg with Finance Managers, Accountants, etc)in my past employer, Deloitte.

Teamwork skills demonstrated by:
• Accomplished projects through strong deduction skills and maintaining a cohesive teamwork
relationship by proactively discussing and contributing on issues at HP, Schlumberger and Deloitte.
• Strengthened teamwork experience by jointly contributing on audit work sheets and audit job
requirement of various aspects to complete the audit engagement in my past employer, Deloitte.
Time Management skills demonstrated by:
• Developed time management and organizational skills via juggling of job task deadlines, job trainings,
working during peak periods (eg. YEC audit) whilst studying part-time to complete my CPA Australia.
• Demonstrated the ability to handle the high pressure of client/job needs and demands via timely
planning and coordination in my MNC employment(s) at HP, Schlumberger and Deloitte.
Leadership skills demonstrated by:
• Leading my staffs/team by example with a firm job commitment and discipline to complete
my required job tasks as per the expected deadlines at H P , Schlumberger and Deloitte.
• Handled my staffs/team with decision making skills, the ability to supervise and guide my
staffs/team to ensure they fulfill their respective job KPI(s) a t H P , Schlumberger and Deloitte.
Language skills demonstrated by:
• Excellent fluency in written and spoken English and Bahasa Malaysia.
• Average fluency in written and spoken Mandarin and Cantonese
Extracurricular Participation
2008 – 2009 Vice-President, Finance and Investment Student Society, Victoria University
• Identified issues that require the attention of the President and the FISS Society.
• Guided and implemented the agendas of the FISS Society upon consultation with the President and
Exec Committee.
2008 – 2009 Director of Information Bureau, VU Student Union, Victoria University
• Responsible for communication of the VU Student Union polices to the university students.
• Responsible for enhancing the value of the VU Student Union through various events and exercises.
• Designed and maintained the VU Student Union official website with union’s ongoing events.
2007 – 2008 Director of Public Relations, Sunway CPA Student Charter, Sunway Uni College
• Developed Website for the common use of information exchange as well as providing a one-stop
point for students to access information of the SCSC club.
• Being a PR person for the club on events and various CPA conferences held.
2007 – 2008 Treasurer & Website Administrator, In-Business Club, Sunway Uni College
• Planned for the club’s financial future.
• Regularly monitored the expense and revenue of the club.
• Designed and maintained the club’s official website with club’s ongoing events and activities.
Referees
Tan Pei Hong (Former Tax Manager),
Former Firm: Deloitte Kassim Chan,
Current Firm: HCK Capital Group Bhd,
Wisma HCK, No 6, Jalan 19/1B,
Seksyen 19, 46300 Petaling Jaya,
Selangor, Malaysia.
Office No*: +603 7968 8668 (Ext: 106)
Mobile No*: +6012 307 1789
Email: tphmy@yahoo.com

Bee Khon Tan (Former Audit Supervisor),
Former Firm: Crowe Horwath AF 1018, KL
Current Firm: Malaysia Debt Ventures Bhd,
Level 5, Menara Bank Pembangunan,
1016, Jalan Sultan Ismail, 50250,
60000 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
WP Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Mobile No: +6012 923 2503
Email: beekhon@gmail.com

*Preferably do contact Ms Tan Pei Hong’s office no first between Mon-Fri at 9am-6pm. She’s more
reachable via her office no. Only contact Ms TPH mobile no if can’t contact Ms TPH office no. Thanks

