Ma Ho Ming, Anson
Phone: +852 6198 4541
Email: ansonmhm0621@gmail.com

Summary
Experienced Officer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry especially in banking
industry. Highly independent, strong interpersonal and time-management skills with excellent ability of systematical
management. Have strong career-ambition and the ability of multitasking effectively, efficiently and timely. Skilled in
Operation, Administration, Communication and MS Office.

Career Experience
HSBC
Sep 2016 to Aug 2017

Corporate Action Analyst (Corporate Action), Hong Kong S.A.R.
 Act as a point of contact for clients and financial advisers (custodians) for all
Corporate Actions and Floats queries.
 Provide operational and services support for corporate action events processing.
 Handle business partners' inquiries promptly within reasonable time.
 Deliver corporate action events and information to marketing teams for onward
delivery to clients within preset timeframes.
 Follow up closely on outstanding cases and discrepancies.
 Complete daily control sheets and report exceptional cases by end of each business
day.
 Prepare all instructions within financial advisers’ deadline time, funding or system cut
off time.

Infocan Computer
(Hong Kong) Limited
Mar 2016 to May 2016

Administrative Assistant (Administration - Part-time), Hong Kong S.A.R.
 Implement cost reductions.
 Develop reporting procedures.
 Complete operational requirements by scheduling and assigning administrative
projects.
 Expedite work results.

DBS Bank (China) Limited
Jul 2015 to Aug 2015

Officer (Internship), Shenzhen China
 Prepare source data for computer entry by compiling and sorting information.
 Follow up with payment details.

Page 1 of 1

Ma Ho Ming, Anson
Phone: +852 6198 4541
Email: ansonmhm0621@gmail.com

Education & Certification

Languages & Skills
Languages
Cantonese
Native
Mandarin

Business
Proficient

English

Business
Proficient

PC skills
Microsoft Outlook, Word,
Excel, PowerPoint, IBM
Lotus Notes

DATE OF AVAILABILITY
-

1 week notice

Current Salary
-

HKD $16000

Page 2 of 2

