Bao Zekun
133C Whitley Road, Whitley Residences, Singapore 297654
+65 9119 5908, zekun.b.zk@gmail.com

Education and Certification
National University of Singapore, NUS Business School
 Bachelor in Business Administration (Accounting and Finance), Second Upper Honours
 2013/14 Semester 1 Dean’s List (Top 5% of cohort)
CFA Institute
 Passed CFA Level 1 and 2 on first attempt; CFA Level 3 Candidate
Bloomberg Institute
 Placed in 99th percentile of all test-takers for Bloomberg Aptitude Test and entered APAC
Top 5 Hall of Fame
HEC Montréal, QC, Canada (Student Exchange Program)
 NUS Study Abroad Scholarship (Given for strong academic and leadership qualities)

Aug 2012 – Jun 2016
Dec 2014 – Present
Feb 2015 – Feb 2015
Jan 2014 – May 2014

Professional Experience
Mizuho Bank
Global Graduate Program Analyst
 Improved FCF of USD 10 million for a client by structuring a reverse factoring program.
 Directly engaged in client meetings to structure solutions to their financing needs.
 Conducted due diligence on working capital note investment via double-trust structure.
 Created research report on the outlook of palm oil, bulk shipping and thermal coal
industries in the APAC region.
 Provided daily market update on key clients and trading commodities.
Royal Bank of Canada Wealth Management Asia
Summer Intern, Investments and Products
 Produced training materials across classes of Investment Products for the education of
Relationship Managers.
 Amended Product Factsheets on Structured Notes, Fixed Income and Forex Products.
 Created Product Factsheet on Contingent Convertible Notes (CoCos).
 Performed pay-out analysis on Structured Products, such as Equity Linked Notes, Shark
Notes, and Steepener Structured Notes.
 Learnt process of trade execution for Bonds and Forex Products.
 Updated policy paper on Securitized Dual Currency Investments for Investment Product
Committee.
United Overseas Bank
Summer Intern, Group Technology and Operations
 Analysed outward telegraphic transfer process and proposed using median result instead of
mean result for evaluative purposes due to extreme data points. This enhanced accuracy of
system evaluations.
 Statistically analysed transaction volume for different product types and proposed areas
of focus for enhancement.
 Proposed improvements to the authentication of transactions to reduce processing time and
reduce operating costs.
UBS AG (Singapore)
Summer Intern, Private Wealth Management (Value Based Investment)
 Drafted portfolio establishment rules and monitoring criteria based on customized
investment portfolios mirroring social impact funds.
 Analysed investment viability of a Chinese enterprise in Beijing for a large client and
provided inputs which led to rejection of the investment due to risk factors.
 Contributed in editing a UBS White Paper published at the BoAo Forum for Asia 2013.
 Reached out to local business leaders to participate in a workshop for Ultra-High Net
Worth clients in the Asia-Pacific region.
 Translated client prospectus and for regional offices from English to Mandarin.

Jul 2016 – Present

May 2015 – Jul 2015

May 2014 – Jul 2014

May 2013 – Aug 2013

Other Related Experience/Co-Curricular Activities
StockTrack Portfolio Management Simulation Competition
 Picked stocks that generated over 10% in a week using top down approach.
NUS-Shell Case Challenge
 Performed preliminary valuation of the multi-national energy company Petrobras.
 Analysed industry outlook for the Oil and Gas industry.

Skills
 Fast leaner and strong team player with excellent interpersonal skills
 Financial modelling and basic Excel VBA

Jan 2014 – Mar 2014
Sep 2013 – Sep 2013

