Thathien Anujorbhand
[98/99 Life Bangkok Boulevard, Ramintra 23, Anusawaree, Bangkaen, 10220, Bangkok]
[+6685-051-5777] | [maek3579@gmail.com]

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
PTT Exploration & Production Plc.
Bangkok
Debt and Capital Markets Analyst
February 2017 - Present
• Responsible for the determination of the interim and annual dividend levels of PTTEP to
•
•
•

its shareholders, balancing the rewards of the shareholders as well as ensuring that
there is ample investment potential for the group.
Actively manage the overall cost of capital of the entire group through liability
management exercises and open market transactions targeted at minimizing the firm’s
cost of debt.
Managed and created the framework for regular evaluation of counterparty’s
creditworthiness to establish credit lines to maximize the firm’s risk and reward
relationship with their counterparties.
Overseeing the Intercompany Loans between PTTEP and its subsidiaries, ensuring
compliance with regulations and sufficient funding for PTTEP and its subsidiaries.

Mitsubishi UFJ Trust International Ltd.
Singapore
Institutional Credit Sales
April 2016 – January 2017
• Responsible for multi-currency credit distribution to asset managers, insurance
•
•

companies, pension funds, and bank treasuries focusing primarily on investment grade
credit and asset backed securities.
Grew account base in Thailand from 5 active accounts to 30 accounts in the space of 2
months.
Built and fostered strong relationships with all regulated financial institutions that is
involved in Fixed Income investments in Thailand.

Bloomberg L.P.

Singapore

Financial Product Sales – Rates & Rates Derivatives Specialist
Oct 2014 – April 2016
• Drive the adoption and sales of the Bloomberg Professional Service to banks, brokers,
•
•
•
•

and corporations in the Singapore and Thai market.
Work the entire Sales process of prospecting new leads turning them into clients.
Actively managed over 450 billable accounts in the Singapore and Thai market,
representing an annual revenue over USD 10 million.
Continuously drive product adoption through identifying gaps in clients’ work flow and
positioning the Bloomberg product suite as an integrated value adding solution.
Provide consultation to clients over the use of the Bloomberg terminal in pricing, mark to
market, and price discovery for Fixed Income and Rates Derivatives products.

Bloomberg L.P.

Singapore

Regional Contributions Analyst
Oct 2013 – Oct 2014
• Built statistical data analysis tools which led to increased data quality on the Bloomberg
•
•

database for different asset classes including Foreign Exchange, Commodities, Fixed
Income, and Forex Derivatives
Expanded Bloomberg’s OTC pricing presence through executing over 20 contributions
projects in the ASEAN region.
Acquired and fostered relationships with players in the Fixed Income and Foreign
Exchange markets, resulting in increased pricing data for IRS and FX Options.

Alfa Automations Co., Ltd.
Bangkok, Thailand
Sales & Market Analyst
Jan 2012 - Sept 2012
• Successfully prepare and deliver sales presentation to foreign prospective clients
• Prepare comprehensive market research on the electronics industry in Thailand

EDUCATION
University of Surrey (Ranked 4th in the UK)
Guildford, United Kingdom
Master of Science in Accounting and Finance with Distinction
Sept 2013
• Percentage: 81% (Highest of graduating class)
• Honors: Distinction
• Relevant Coursework: Investment Analysis / IFRS / Corporate Finance /
Econometrics

Chulalongkorn University
Bangkok, Thailand
Bachelor of Science in Architectural Design
Mar 2012
• GPA: 3.31 (Top 10% of Graduating Class)
• Honors: 2nd Class Honors
• Relevant Coursework: Architectural Design / Architectural History / Construction
Technology / Introductory Law

ACTIVITIES & AWARDS
Project Manager, INDA Gala Bangkok, Thailand
Chulalongkorn University 2009
Scholarship to Study Finance Perth, Australia
Perth Institute of Business and Technology 2006
Tsunami Volunteer Relief Worker & Translator Bangkok, Thailand
Thammasat University Relief Shelter 2004

SKILLS
Languages: Fluent in both Thai and English (IELTS 8.0), Conversant in Laotian
Technical Skills: Eviews 7.0, Bloomberg Terminal, Microsoft Excel

CERTIFICATIONS
Entrepreneurial Finance, Thammasat Business School
Singapore Capital Markets License Holder
*Letter of References available upon request

