Kendrick Chia Guo Cong (谢国聪) ■ M: +65 9877 2219 ■

E: chiaguocong@gmail.com

[Willing to relocate and travel]
EDUCATION
CFA Level 3 candidate for June 2017 exam
National University of Singapore (NUS)
st
 Bachelor of Business Admin (Accountancy), 1 Class Honours, with specialization in Finance
 CAP: 4.74 / 5.00. Dean’s List – top 5% of cohort – for 5 out of 6 semesters.
Warsaw School of Economics – study abroad programme

Aug 11 – May 15

Jan 13 – Jun 13

WORK EXPERIENCE
Credit / Equity Research Analyst, Tahan Capital Management
Jan 15 – Present
 Versatile with asset classes and geographies. I spend 40% of my time HY, 40% in equity/CB,
20% in IG. HY and IG include MENA and Latam corporates and sovereigns, Australia, Macau.
Equity/CB includes Australia, Singapore, as well as selected names in Japan, Thailand and
Malaysia, Macau. I took up Indian HY and equities from May 2017. Cover more corporates than
financials, though I used to cover selected ASEAN and Australia bank equities
 Provide investment recommendations grounded on financial statements analysis and
projections, understanding of capital structure, company/industry developments and business
model, relative valuation, issue terms and structure, etc
 Flexibly adjust my view and devise quick analysis in response to developments and events
 Actively participate in issuer meetings, investor conferences, results calls, meetings with sell
side. Often exchange views with portfolio managers and other analysts.
Rates Sales Summer Analyst, UBS
 Presented topics of interest to the team, including inflation-linked bonds, European sovereign
bonds and the outlook of the rates business amid tightened regulations
 Wrote basic morning commentaries across FX, rates and credit

May 14 – Jul 14

Fixed Income Research Analyst Intern, Pinebridge Investments
 Wrote research updates on Singapore credits
 Enhanced portfolio monitoring and relative value tools using Excel VBA

Feb 14 – Apr 14

Equity Research Analyst Intern, Falcam (now Corecam)
 Conducted research on several US and European equities for this family office

Dec 13 – Jan 14

Audit Intern, Ernst & Young
 Participated in engagements and gained exposure to accounting and financial reporting

May 12 – Aug 12

AWARDS
 National champion team at the CFA Institute Research Challenge 2015 (equity research competition),
proceeding to APAC round in March 2015. Co-wrote an investment report to sell Singapore Post
 Recipient of Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA) Scholarship
 Recipient of Nexia TS Public Accounting Medal for topping the accountancy class in year 3
 Finalist team at the CFA Institute Research Challenge 2014 (equity research competition)

15
15
14
14

SKILLS AND INTERESTS
th
 CFA Level 3 Candidate for June 2017 exam. Passed earlier levels with >70 percentile in almost all subjects
 Familiar with Bloomberg. Mandarin skill is reasonable, but not in the professional context. But I believe I can get
familiar reasonably quickly
 Interests: Travelling to unconventional places (recently Iran, Balkans); reading about history, geopolitics, culture,
financial markets, Asian business

