RESUME
KERRY CHIN CPA (Australia), CAMS, CA (Singapore) 陈可俐
Age
Nationality
Email
Address
Mobile
Languages
Hobbies

: 28 years old
: Malaysian, Singapore Permanent Resident
: kerry.chin7@gmail.com
: 68 Lor G, Telok Kurau, 04-08 The Medley, 426258 Singapore.
: +6590709923
: Fluent in English, Mandarin, Cantonese & Bahasa Melayu.
Able to speak fundamental Japanese.
: Passionate about cooking, sports and scuba diving.

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND:
2007 — 2009

2005 — 2006
2001 — 2005

University of South Australia, Adelaide, Australia.
Bachelor of Commerce
Major in Professional Accounting &Finance, CGPA 5.5/7, Distinction
Foon Yew High School 宽柔中学, Johor Bahru, Malaysia
Tertiary Foundation
: Unified Examination Certificate (UEC)
Secondary Qualification: Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM)

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:
2010 — Current

CPA Australia, Certified Practising Accountant
Certificate/membership number: 9508784

2015 — Current

CFA Institute, Claritas Investment Certification
Certificate/membership number: 5826

2015 — Current

Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants, Chartered Accountant
Certificate/membership number: 824596

2016 — Current

Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist, Certified AntiMoney Laundering Specialist
Certificate/membership number: 1000232467

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES:
May 2015 — Current

Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (“SMBC”), Singapore
Regional Internal Auditor, Assistant Vice President

Major Achievements: Notwithstanding the lack of internal audit experience prior to joining SMBC, I
demonstrated my relentless desire to learn despite a steep learning curve and I was able to prove my
capability by delivering quality audit work consistently. In 6 months’ time, I was given the opportunity to

lead an audit team of 6 (including AVPs and VPs) as auditor-in-charge for an overseas branch of
approximately 450 employees. From audit planning to audit execution, I coordinated and communicated
audit request with my counterparts amicably. I applied my analytical skill to analyse and summarise
voluminous financial and non-financial data into a 4-page audit planning memorandum. I also exercised
professional judgment with supporting data to determine the scope of the audit which I presented it to the
regional head of Asia Pacific directly for approval. I managed the audit execution and communicated with
branch’s senior management daily to manage the expectation during the onsite audit. The audit identified a
number of areas of improvement and the branch’s senior management was very appreciative of the value
adding recommendation as a result of the audit.
After the success of my first audit as an auditor-in-charge, I was given another opportunity to lead an audit
of a wider scope with a team of 7 (including AVPs and VPs). I received positive feedbacks for the audits I
led. Besides, I obtained a new qualification in 2016 as a Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist to
further enhance my knowledge and hone my skill especially in the area of AML/CTF.
Areas of audit covered: Front office (corporate banking departments, wealth management department,
cash management service – electronic banking), back office operations (deposits, remittances, cash
banking, trade finance, customer instructions such as opening, closing account and reactivating dormant
account), legal and compliance, AML audit (framework, KYC onboarding, KYC ongoing monitoring,
transaction filtering and screening, transaction monitoring), support groups audit (human resource,
learning and development, budget and expense, outsourcing and service provider)
My essential duties as an internal auditor and an auditor-in-charge include but not limited to:
 Lead audit team as auditor in charge from audit planning, execution and audit reporting.
 Verbally communicate findings to senior management, draft comprehensive recommendation and
issue audit opinion via a detailed root cause analysis.
 Present audit result to the country’s regulator via face-to-face meeting and address query from
regulator.
 Document auditable process and conduct follow up audits or meeting to monitor management’s
remediation action plan status.
 Engage to continuous knowledge development regarding Asia Pacific countries regulations and
summarise the relevant updates to incorporate the necessary coverage into audit.
 Conduct yearly risk assessment and quarterly continuous monitoring of assigned Asia Pacific
countries.
 Extensive exposure to Know Your Client and Anti Money Laundering theme audits in Asia Pacific
countries.
 Establish risk-based audit programs and determine scope of review in conjunction with the audit
partner and regional head.
 Review the suitability of internal control design and conduct audit testing of to identify reportable
issues and dimension of risk.

Evaluate compliance with policies and procedures of the bank and country regulations.
 Conduct quality assurance assignments and advisory engagement.

Mar 2014 — May 2015 Franklin Templeton Investments, Singapore
Senior Fund Analyst













Conducted risk-based review of Net Asset Value (NAV) reporting for Asia Pacific and Cayman funds
and provide guidance to the operation groups and direct report to Manager.
Coordinated with internal and external auditors periodically for audit and financial reporting.
Worked closely with Compliance to resolve regulator’s queries over the funds.
Responsible for answering queries of complex accounting issues occurring within the products and
manage client expectations and partnering with other business units effectively for prompt issue
resolution.
Monitored performance against the service level agreements established with internal clients (cash
accounting team, treasury accounting team, sales, compliance, trading desk) as well as external
clients (outsource service providers, custodian, trustee) and documented the evaluation in report
format on a regular basis.
Participated in fund launches and projects to support project objective, address concern and
implement project strategies.
Reviewed monthly reports produced by operations team for accuracy and reasonableness.
Reviewed expense ratio analysis and funds payments for accuracy and reasonableness.
Reviewed quarterly, semi-annual, annual financial statements and other local regulatory and
trustee reporting.
Reviewed department procedure manual and control procedures regularly for accuracy and
efficiency.

Feb 2013 — Mar 2014 PCTC Motorsport, Kuala Lumpur
Senior Accountant





Participated in meeting with business prospects for business development which resulted in
increased sales and expansion of showrooms.
Managed sales force and promotional expenses for motor vehicles in three showrooms.
Prepared annual reporting of financial statements and tax reporting.
Prepared monthly account reporting which include compilation, comparison of results against
budget, costing, income and expenditure analysis.

Dec 2010 — Jan 2013




PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Singapore
Senior Associate Year 2 – Financial Services (High Performance rating)

Participated in audit of financial services institutions – bank and asset management companies. My
audit clients include Bank of America, Helios Capital Management, UT Asset Management,
Eastspring Investments, Amundi Singapore and Seatown Holdings.
Responsible for developing audit approach such as qualitative and quantitative analysis and
evaluation of client’s industry and business risk. For instance, evaluate management’s and service
providers’ ability to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting during periods of
higher growth or higher complexity of their investments, investigate errors in NAV per share and
any corrective action taken, perform audit on management’s compliance with law and regulations.







Responsible for day-to-day audit works including audit work and budget planning, control testing,
substantive audit works, coaching and supervising junior associates, reporting to manager-incharge and partner-in-charge.
Responsible for reviewing draft financial statements, preparing audit finding report and
communicating audit findings to manager-in-charge, partner-in-charge and client’s management,
able to establish and retain effective working relationship with both the team and the client.
Led audit engagement team of five team members and completed audit within scheduled reporting
timeline.

Dec 2009 — Dec 2010 Deloitte & Touche LLP, Singapore
Audit Associate (High Performance rating)




Participated in audit engagements of private and public listed companies in diverse industries
which include Real Estate, Manufacturing, Consumer Retail Business, Shipping and Food and
Beverage. (i.e. Cheung Kong Holdings, Rockwell Automation, TRS Singapore-Prada , Hartmann Asia,
Fitness First, Tung Lok Group)
Completed audit works for various sections of financial statement which include cash, investment,
account receivable, account payable, accruals, debts, tax, sales, cost of sales and expenses with
minimal supervision and support from audit senior.

Dec 2008 — Feb 2009 KPMG, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Audit Internship Trainee


Assisted in completing financial audit fieldwork in manufacturing and real estate industries which
includes testing of control, transactions and balances.

PERSONAL SKILLS:








Amicable interpersonal skills and ability to communicate effectively (multilingual).
Comprehensive problem solving skill and multitasking ability.
A fast learner and self starter with the desire to excel.
Able to meet tight deadlines with excellent time management.
Self defined and adaptable to different working conditions.
Good at working in groups yet able to work individually.
Proficient in common PC, Microsoft Office and Lotus Notes applications.

ACTIVITIES & LEADERSHIP SKILLS:
2010 —2013


Participate in various corporate responsibility activities which include PwC FSIP Gives Back at
Marina Gardens by the Bay with clients from Sundac, annual JP Morgan Chase Challenges and SGX
Bull Charge Charity Marathon.

2008 —2009


PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Singapore

CPA Australia Student Charter, CPA
Committee Member
Active in organising accounting-related events and seminars.

2007 —2009


Business School Accounting Club, University of South Australia
Committee member
Active in organising accounting-related events and club activities.

2000 —2005


Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music, United Kingdom
Participant
Accomplish six years of piano lessons and took piano practical and theory examinations
consistently. Keen to accept challenges and achieve progressive target.

ACADEMIC AWARDS:
NAME AND YEAR OF AWARDS:

SPONSOR’S NAME

University Merit Awards 2009
University Merit Awards 2008
University Merit Awards 2007
TUC-UEC Scholarship 2007

University of South Australia, Adelaide
University of South Australia, Adelaide
University of South Australia, Adelaide
Taylor’s University

