PAUL TRISTAN VALDEZ
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT
Mobile No :
+65 8726 5764
Email Address: paultristan_valdez@yahoo.com
Address:
88 Punggol Central Blk 92 #12-27 Parc Centros Condominium
Singapore (828723)

Summary of Qualifications
Technical Skills, Knowledge and Experiences
 CPA with a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Accountancy
 Strong knowledge of the financial services industry gained from more than 6 years of audit and industry
experiences
 Strong working knowledge of IFRS ans SFRS
 Experience in financial accounting, financial reporting and financial statement analysis
 Strong knowledge of the regulatory requirements for insurance companies
 Highly proficient in Microsoft Office Word, Excel and Powerpoint
 Proficient in the navigation of Reuters, Bloomberg and IDC terminals
Leadership, People and Language Skills
 Extensive experience in direct client interaction
 Supervisory experience as an audit senior
 Excellent interpersonal skills and strong command of the English language
 Ability to work effectively within a team or independently
 Ability to manage multiple tasks under very tight deadlines

Educational Background
Obtained an average of 92.29% in the Philippine CPA Licensure Examinations (October 2010)
Graduated cum laude, with a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Accountancy from the University
of the Philippines (April 2010)

Professional Background
Deloitte Touche LLP Singapore (December 2014 – Present)
Audit Senior in the Financial Services Industry group
Handled the audit of the following entities :


Atradius Credit Insurance N.V.

Insurance Company



Axis Specialty Ltd.

Insurance Company



Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Co.

Insurance Company



Coface S.A.

Insurance Company



Pacific Life Re Limited

Reinsurance Company



Dual Underwriting Agency (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.

Insurance Agent



RKH Specialty Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. (Howden International)

Reinsurance Broker



Mitsui & Co. Financial Services Asia Pte. Ltd.

Internal Treasury of the Mitsui Conglomerate



Atradius Collections Pte. Ltd.

Debt Collections Company

1

BlackRock Singapore Ltd (May 2014 – December 2014)
Operations Analyst in the Shareholder Services Team, providing client services and transfer agency support to investors
in the Asia-Pacific region
Shareholder Services Team serves as main point of contact for account opening, fund dealing, payment and client
reporting

JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Philippines (February 2013 – March 2014)
Fund Accounting Specialist - Senior Team Member in the Corporate and Investment Bank, performing investment
operations services for institutional asset managers based in the UK
Responsible for the system configuration of client-funds, brokers and custodians, to support trade matching and
confirmation, trade settlements, accounting and daily report generation

Ernst & Young Philippines (December 2010 – February 2013)
Senior Audit Associate with specialization in the financial services industry
Handled the audit of the following entities :


First Metro Investment Corporation

Investment Bank



Philequity Funds, Inc.

Mutual Fund



JG Summit Holdings Inc.

Conglomerate

Supervised offshore audits of various companies based in Singapore, under the Asia-Pacific Talent Hub (ATH) of
EY Philippines

2

