EDUCATION
Diploma

Ngee Ann Polytechnic
Diploma in Engineering Informatics

University

University of Western Australia

9388 4742 | waynetuw@gmail.com

Bachelor of Commerce
(MAJ. Finance, Money and Banking)

EXPERIENCE
Data Management Associate
Asset Servicing,
Bank of New York Mellon
Oct 2013 – Present

Heading the pricing project team to review, streamline, enhance controls and reduce
operational costs from existing securities pricing process.
Completed Projects (as project team leader)
1. Established roadmap to identify and develop solutions to mitigate key risks and
eliminate inefficiencies from daily BAU.
2. Successfully enhanced and integrated pricing files, leading to faster processing time,
improved data accuracy and reduced data extraction costs.
3. Developed and implemented new pricing files to automate security pricing and
setup. Purpose (i) increase efficiency and achieving consistent on-time price
delivery. (ii) reduce manual intervention and (iii) eliminate key risks.
Currently responsible for reviewing workflows, creating system validation rules and
conducting UAT on user and system interfaces for system migration.
Conducting regular data quality review and collaboration with stakeholders (Fund
Accounting and Fund Compliance teams) to ensure SLAs are met, implement new client
specific requirements and resolve outstanding issues.
Engaging periodically with data vendors (Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters and Interactive
Data) to review vendor service, licensing, and resolve data queries and issues.
Collaborated with data vendors for client onboarding proof of concept. Participated and
coordinated UAT and implementation.
Performing daily reviewer role of ensuring the accuracy and timely translation of data
onto the accounting platform. Maintaining integrity of pricing information as per agreed
guidelines and procedures, and ensuring deliverables meet the stipulated deadlines.
Provided training and mentoring to team members, and render assistance to Fund
Accounting and Compliance teams on issues and queries.

SKILLS, ACTIVITIES, SERVICES AND CONTRIBUTIONS
Skills

Ngee Ann Polytechnic

Microsoft Excel, Words, PowerPoint

Gold Certificate of Achievement in Co-Curricular Activities

Bloomberg, IDC and TR Data Platforms

President of Multidiscipline Division Society

National Service

Secondary School

Basic Military Training Company Best Trainee
Combat Intelligence Officer – Scout Officer Trainer,
NS Scout Platoon Commander
Overall Assessment – Outstanding Performance

EAGLES Leadership Awards, NCC Best Cadet (2002,2003)
CCA Chairperson, Sports House Captain,
Student Council EXCO

