Fung Ki Cheung
Address: Room D, 8/F, Block 1, Grand Promenade, Sai Wan Ho, Hong Kong
Tel: 6776 1071
E-mail: cheungfungki@gmail.com

EDUCATION
Cass Business School, UK
MSc Mathematical Trading & Finance, 62.77%
Dissertation: Interlinkages between Stock and Currency Markets .- Merit
University of Bath, UK
BSc (Hons) Economics, 2:1
Wells Cathedral School, UK f A-Level, 3As

2011- 12
2008- 11
2006- 08

QUALIFICATION
CPA Australia Candidate
Certified FRM

2016
2015

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sylebra HK Company Limited
Sylebra HK Company Limited is the appointed investment advisor of Sylebra Capital Management, a fundamentally
orientated investment firm with a focus on technology, media and telecom sectors.

Operations Analyst
•
•
•
•
•
•

May 2016 – Present

Daily operations include trade & cash management, reconciliation, valuation and performance reporting.
Compile periodic reports include tax report, regulatory short disclosure and OTC derivatives filing.
Liaise with external services providers include administrators, Prime Brokers, software technician upon
identification of any queries, gaps or inefficiencies regarding accounting, operating and reporting model.
Reporting enhancement and efficiency improvement on daily operations.
Analyse financing and commission schedules. Assist CFO in re-negotiating more favourable pricings
(spreads on cash and swap financing; security lending and commission rates) with Prime Brokers.
Transfer securities and cash between PBs regularly, taking financing cost, counterparty exposure level,
margin add-ons and excess relief into consideration.

FundBPO (HK) Ltd., Hong Kong
Mainstream BPO Ltd. (ASX: MAI) is the parent company of FundBPO, which provides fund services with offices in
Sydney, Melbourne, Singapore and Hong Kong. FundBPO acquired Hedge Fund Operations in July 2014.

Assistant Manager
•
•

•
•
•
•

Operation Analyst
•
•
•
•

November 2013 – May 2016

Email and phone query management and full accountability for query resolution related to settlements,
CA, tax, trade, risk, valuation and other day-to-day issues raised by clients, brokers and administrators.
Development, negotiation, implementation and monitoring of service level agreements with clients.
Identify service delivery issues and client request to manager, suggest solution and project plan. Build
relationships with client to understand requirements and expectations via client meetings and calls.
Support in project development includes system migration, UAT testing, impact and error analysis.
Work with technicians from different software provider on data formatting, transformation and transition.
Reconcile, approve and sign off swap reset, NAV and month-end activities from Administrators.
Coordinate with internal and external units on on-boarding 6 new funds over 2-year-period.

November 2012 – November 2013

Trade & Cash management for extensive asset classes (Cash, Swap, Options, Futures, FX, P-Notes).
Trade matching & settlement. Resolve unmatched trade with Prime Brokers, Administrators and Traders.
Conduct Transaction, Position, Price, Cash and P&L reconciliation. Fix break discrepancies.
Daily reports preparation, including P&L, NAV, Exposure, shadow margin, Risk and VaR reporting.

Skills and Interests
Language
Music
IT

Native Cantonese speaker, business fluent in English and Putonghua.
Grade 8 Piano; Grade 5 Violin and Viola. Member of the School Orchestra and Choir.
Proficient user of MS Word/ Excel, VBA, Paxus, Tradar, Omgeo Imagine and Geneva.

