Trevor Cho Hang LIU
Contact No.: +852 9828 2621

E-mail: newhandvieri@gmail.com

EDUCATION
City University of Hong Kong: BSc Applied Physics (2

nd

Honor)

Sep 2008 - Jul 2012

Relevant Modules: Visual Basic for Applications (VBA), C++, Data Analysis & Presentation
Baptist Lui Ming Choi Secondary School (F.1 – F.7)

Sep 2001 - Jul 2008

WORK EXPERIENCE
International Fund Services, State Street Corporation

Feb 2016 - Present

Senior Associate, Operations Supervisor
- Provide trade support to global hedge fund client.
- Including but not limited to trade capture, position management, confirmations & settlements
- Covering various of products including Equity, Interest Rate Swap, Fixed Income products, FX, Options, Futures
- Leading project on efficiency enhancement of workflow and initial setup for new clients.
- Supervising junior teammates to ensure daily tasks are done and service hedge fund client on professional manner.

Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Hong Kong

Dec 2012 – Dec 2015

Trainee  Analyst  Associate, Capital Markets Operations
- Provide sales & trade support to America based sales, traders & clients for trade booking, settlements /confirmations enquiry
- Manage the full CLS funding/ settlement cycle as well as operational support for non-CLS American,

Asia-Pacific and Middle East

currency settlements (MM Loans/ Deposits, FX Spot, FX Forwards, FX Swaps, NDF’s and FX Options)
- Leading the transfer project of Trade Confirmations Nightshift Operation from London to Hong Kong
- Review existing operation process and enhance the efficiency with the help but not limited to writing Microsoft Office Macro
- Leading the User Acceptance Test for BO system upgrade and development, giving advice to project team for enhancement

AWARD
Academic Excellence Award

Sep 2010 –Jul 2011

Presented by Department of Physics and Materials Science, City University of Hong Kong

POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITY
Student Ambassador, General Education Courses, City University of Hong Kong

Sep 2009 – Jul 2010

External Vice President, Astronomy Society, City University of Hong Kong

Jan 2009 – Dec 2009

Chairman, Inter-class Association, Baptist Lui Ming Choi Secondary School

Sep 2006 – Jul 2008

Vice-Chairman, House, Baptist Lui Ming Choi Secondary School

Sep 2006 – Jul 2007

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
IT skills: Calypso, Proactive Matching (Citynet), Bloomberg, Visual Basic Thomson Reuters, MTM, TRM , MS Matrix, Excel,
PowerPoint, Word, Outlook,
Languages: Cantonese, English, Mandarin

SELF-INTRODUCTION
I am currently working in the International Fund Services arm of State Street Corporation. My role is an operation supervisor of the
team. We are working on client basis instead of product basis and thanks to this arrangement; I have a lot of exposure in tackling
different kind of financial products such as Equity, FX, Swaps, Fixed Income and the related Derivatives. Being accurate and precise
comes extremely important as we are providing professional services to hedge fund clients who are relatively demanding on the
quality. Also, I’m trained to work under pressure in order to meet client’s needs.

Before taking my current role, I was working in the Capital Market Operation Department of Credit Agricole Corporate and
Investment Bank (CA-CIB) as the team leader of the out-of-hour support team, supporting our Headquarter (Paris branch) & London
branch. Duty of my team includes all the general back-office duties, including but not limited to Trade Confirmations and Settlements
(Net / Gross), Payment drafting and processing, CLS position monitoring, I/O Swap trades booking and settlements. Also, we
support our Americas Sales/Traders/Clients by taking care their enquiry and special requests. My role as a team leader is mainly
verifying my teammate’s work to make sure everything has been taken care correctly and a smooth settlement without any delay on
payments, leading the team when issue happen to minimize any potential lost, suggesting improvement on procedures in order to
enhance team’s working efficiency.

I work from 12am to 9am every night, I am responsible, passionate about working, willing to work overtime, and not afraid of working
laboriously. Besides, because of the nature of my team’s structure, I am experienced in working with colleagues who come from
different locations, India, France, USA, and South America. My working abilities & attitudes are also recognized by the management
& Front Office; I have broken the record of my department by getting promotion from trainee, analyst to associate in just 2 years
together with special bonus recognizing my contributions to the company. And on top of that, I am entitled with a special bonus in the
mid-year which is limited to 10 employees only among the global CA-CIB group and I am 1 of the 10

Apart from working experience, I have also a fruitful personal development and willing to take any new challenges. I had been
backpacking to more than 13 countries in Eastern Europe & Asia on my own for more than two months. Starting from Czech
Republic, I had passed the border between Europe & Asia by Trans-Siberian Railway, making use of land transport all the way back
to Hong Kong instead of taking planes. This journey has really strengthened my personal abilities in tacking problems on my own,
communicating with other people and being sincere to people I have met. Also, it has shown that I never be afraid of working
laboriously or independently.

Please kindly offer me the opportunity. By giving me a place to stand and I shall move the world
Thank you very much

