Yogesvaran Saithu
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

C-1-08, Sri Pandan Condominium, Pandan Mewah, 68000 Ampang, Kuala Lumpur
yogesvaran.saithu@gmail.com
+6012-636 7975

WORK SUMMARY
A Group Finance Manager with 17 years working experience in various industries such as IT, Oil & Gas,
Heavy Lifting, Maritime, Port Services, Telecommunication, Venture capital & private equity, Media &
broadcasting. Able to handle a finance team, cash flow management, budgeting, management reporting, and tax
planning, reviewing and analysing financial report with ratio and variance analysis. Worked with diverse group
of investors, business partners, directors, auditors, bankers (USA, Norway, India, Singapore & Indonesia)

CAREER OBJECTIVE
To be successful in Finance and Accounting and to excel in the field of Management in a fast paced and
forward thinking company in which my abilities and qualifications can be challenged and expanded.

EDUCATION
1998-2000

University of Western Sydney (Hawkesbury Australia)
Bachelor of Commerce (majoring in accounting)

1995-1997

Northern Territory University (Australia)
Diploma in Accountancy

1994-1995

St Paul’s Institution- Seremban
Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Schlumberger (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd
Schlumberger is the world’s leading supplier of technology, integrated project management and information
solutions to customers working in the oil and gas industry worldwide. Schlumberger Malaysia contributes to
the local knowledge, innovation and teamwork in developing the hydrocarbon industry.
Position held : Management Accountant
Location
: Bandar Utama, Kuala Lumpur
Period
: Jan 2016 – todate (contract end by November 2017)
Responsibilities:
 Prepares financial analysis and reports for review, to assist decision-making and planning.
 Prepares, reconciles and reviews balance sheet notes, including sub systems, and participates in
follow-up actions.
 Prepares monthly end financial activities.
 Prepares and analyses profit and loss accounts including reviews of revenue and cost
transactions.
 Provides profit and loss analysis for bid planning purposes.
 Meets deadlines, and ensures quality of deliverables to ensure KPI objectives are met.
 Participates in ad hoc reporting, analysis and projects.

CISCO Systems Malaysia
CISCO Systems is a worldwide IT leader. CISCO founded on 1984 in San Francisco, California. CISCO has
become the worldwide leader in networking, transforming how people connect, communicate and collaborate
Position held : Finance Manager
Location
: KL Sentral, Kuala Lumpur
Period
: Dec 2014 – Sept 2015
Responsibilities:
• Prepare and disseminate timely and accurate financial information. Generating reports, analyses and
models as requested by the business to support the overall process regionally and globally
• Perform scenario analysis & planning to be used for decision making and approvals.
• Disseminate Organizational Expense & HC reporting, Bookings, Revenue and Margin Analysis for
APJ region
• Acting as the primary contact to designated business finance partner providing timely advice &
appropriate reporting & analysis thereon
• Assisting in providing value-added management decision support, driving key business goals, identify
major trends and corresponding business issues

Ranchan Group of companies
Ranchan Group focuses on Oil & gas, Maritime, Heavy Lifting, Port Services and Information technology
projects. RGC is an ISO certified. RGC involved in major turnkey projects with Bumi Armada, VALE
Minerals, Tanjung Pelepas Port (PTP), Penang Port, North Port, West Port and UMW Synergistic. RGC is
diversified
Position held : Group Finance Manager
Location
: Subang Jaya, Selangor
Period
: Sept 2011 – Nov 2014
Responsibilities:
• Manage full spectrum of finance, treasury including maintaining effective financial planning, budgeting
and forecasting and cash flow management.
• Preparation of group financial statement.
• Assist on yearly audit and tax preparation and other statutory reporting.
• Involved in GST implementation, Reviewing project contracts, Fund raising for projects
• Assist Group GM on weekly report submission, KPI on Group performances.

All Asia Broadcast Network (ASTRO)
Astro is owned and operated by MEASAT Broadcast Network Systems, a wholly owned subsidiary of Astro
Holdings Sdn Bhd, a company owned by Usaha Tegas Sdn Bhd/its affiliates, and Khazanah Nasional Berhad.
Astro is the brand name of the Malaysian direct broadcast satellite (DBS) pay television service. It transmits
digital satellite television and radio to households in Malaysia & Brunei. Astro’s international operation and
joint venture includes Kristal astro- Brunei, Astro Nusantara-Indonesia, Sun direct DTH- India.
Position held : Assistant Manager Finance & Administration
Location
: Bukit Jalil, Kuala Lumpur
Period
: July 2010 – May 2011
Responsibilities:
• Manage the accounting and finance functions of the Group in compliance with existing policies and
procedures and regulatory requirements.
• Preparation of financial reports (month end closing), group accounts consolidation, forecast, project
budgets, variance analysis, cost allocation.
• Review monthly financial statements (balance sheet, P&L and cash flow statements), budget, forecast,
variance analysis. Involved in quarterly KPI presentation for each business unit.
• Liaise with parties including external auditors and bankers on financial information
• Assists the Head of Department in developing basis/ estimation for the computation of margins, cost
allocation etc.
• Supervise, monitor, train accounting staff.
• Oversee and manage the inter company and related party transaction analysis

MRY Associates Sdn Bhd
MRY Associates involved in latex gloves, agricultural green bio technology, private equity, consulting and
medical prototype industry. MRY is a latex and synthetic glove specification developer, processor, exporter and
boutique operation. Its manufacturing facility is ISO9002, ISO 13488 and En 46002 certified. It’s an innovative
company with product development that is ahead of the industry curve.
Position held : Finance Manager
Location
: Mont Kiara, Kuala Lumpur
Period
: Sept 2005 – June 2010
Responsibilities:
• Prepare statutory financial reports for Malaysia and foreign entities.
• Perform month-end financial reporting, prepare budget, forecast, review and recommendations on
variance analysis and monitor controls so that accurate and timely financial information is available for
statutory and management accounts.
• Maintain key controls that safeguard the assets of the Group
• Liaise with parties including external auditors and bankers on financial information
• Prepare such financial information as required for submission to the tax authorities to ensure local tax
laws are complied with and obligations reported on a timely basis.
• Prepare 12 month running cash flow forecasts for MRY and its associate companies
• Any other duties related to the successful financial management of the Malaysia office

Intelligent Capital Sdn Bhd
Intelligent Capital involves in ( providing proprietary and third party funds to promising technology companies
at varying stages of growth from start up to mezzanine-including pre-IPO, providing corporate advise on
funding strategy, arranging for funding, capital market access, mergers and acquisitions, restructuring, and
selection of and negotiation with investors)
Position held : Accountant
Location
: Mont Kiara, Hartamas, Kuala Lumpur
Period
: July 2001 –August 2005
Responsibilities:
• Preparation of periodic financial statements, budget and forecast, cash flow projections. Review and
analyse financial report with ratios and variance analysis.
• Review, suggest and implement improvement in accounting system, internal controls and policies.
• Experience in external reporting ( Indonesia, India and Norway)
• Manage Investor Portfolio Capital Accounts and venture capital investments worth 5 to 50 million.
• Involved in feasibility studies, due diligence & evaluate new investment proposal and policies
• Liaise with external auditors, tax consultants on tax planning and submission, securities commission
and government bodies (EPF, SOCSO, Statistics Dept).
• Exposure in Venture Capital and Private Equity, stock market trades and maintaining share trading
accounts.

CM Power Electrical Engineering
CM Power is an M & E provider based in Puchong Selangor. It involved in telecommunication mobile
coverage, infrastructure fabrication and Mobile Integration and Commissioning. CM Power was working on
mobile integration projects with several telecommunications provider such as maxis mobile, DiGi and Celcom.
Position held : Senior Accounts Executive
Location
: Puchong, Selangor
Period
: Jan 1998 – June 2001
Responsibilities:
• Involved in setting up proper accounting system, maintained full set of accounts and successfully
reduced 30 hours a week of manual paper work.
• Involved in preparing cash flow, balance sheet and Profit & Loss
• Involved in Telecommunications project tenders, financial project management and project costing

SUMMARY OF SKILLS
Computing Skills
Microsoft Office, SAP System, Oracle System, Accounting packages (MYOB, UBS, FACT, Quick Book),
Project Management
Accounting Skills
Familiar with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), Malaysian Accounting Standard (MASB)
and Company Act 1965. Sound accounting and economics knowledge through studies in university and gained
experience hands on experiences in different companies.

REFERENCES will be provided upon request.

