RESUME
PERSONAL DETAILS
Name:
Enoch Wu
Email:

enochw@live.com.au

Contact Number:

Mobile: (852) 6844 1033

Residence:

Tin Shui Wai, New Territories
Hong Kong

EDUCATION
University of New South Wales

2012

Completed: Bachelor of Economics: Majors in Economics and Finance

CERTIFICATION
Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission
Licensed Representative for Horizon Capital Management and Research Limited
 Type 4: Advising on Securities
 Type 9: Asset Management

June 2017

Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute
Completed: HKSI Paper 1 Fundamentals of Securities and Futures Regulation
Completed: HKSI Paper 12 Asset Management

2016
2017

EXPERIENCE
Company: Horizon Capital Management & Research Ltd
Industry: Long Short Hedge Fund.
Position: Equity Dealing/ Operation Specialist
Time Employed: August 2013 – Present
Duties:
 Executing trades
 Assign allocations for fulfilled trades.
 Daily P&L and portfolio position reporting.
 End of month exposure and top portfolio holdings reporting
 Ensure timely trade matching and settlement, and resolving failed trades.
 Monitor the accuracy of mandatory and voluntary corporate actions events.
 Reconcile custodian reports against internal records – include cash position, custody position, and
trade activities.
 Manage the flow for equity or currency options when they are exercised or expire.
 Responsible for SFC, CIMA, and IRS filings/ reporting requirements.
 Responsible for fund related KYC/ Due Diligence.
 Assisted in document reviewing and setup process for ISDA.
 Co-ordinated company’s annual audits with auditors.
 Assisted in the migration of company’s asset to a new custodian.
 Co-ordinated the migration of fund administrators.
 Ad hoc administrative and related tasks.

Company: Standard Chartered
Industry: Banking and Finance
Position: Administrative Assistant
Time Employed: November 2012 – August 2013
Duties:
 To approve of account opening and credit card application from retail clients
 Data input of customer details into company internal systems
 Stock keeping of promotional leaflets and gifts for outreach team
 Related administrative tasks and ad hoc activities.

Company: Kinetic Securities
Industry: Finance – Stockbroking
Position: Administrative Internship
Time Employed: November 2010 – March 2011
Duties:
 Admin Work- Using Sage Sales Logix (SLX) to manage and update account details for clients and
creating new accounts for new clients.
 Conducted cold calls for more senior brokers to create more prospects
 Answering incoming phone calls
 Supported other brokers to create a P/L spread sheet for trade.
 Worked with other interns to re-organize client data when the company changed trading platforms

Company: Office Works
Industry: Retail – Office Supplier
Position: Customer Service Assistant (Stationary)
Time Employed: October 2009 – March 2010
Duties:
 Providing quality customer services to customers to represent the company in a professional
manner.
 Assemble displays of merchandise in a quick and tidy manner.
 Follow company’s safety rules to avoid potential hazards onto my self and customers.

EXTRA-CURRICULAR
Shack Tutoring at UNSW 2010
 Aided high school students in year 7 and 8 to progress in mathematics school work on a
weekly basis.
 All students passed or received credits or distinction
Fundraiser for Royal North Shore Hospital 2008
 Raised $500 for Royal North shore Hospital, as part of a charity taken by Chatswood high
school.
Fundraiser for World Vision 2008
 Raised over $3000 for World Vision to fight global food crisis, as part of a charity taken
by Chatswood High School.
Principal's Award, 2008

