MEIHUA TAN
tanmeihua@gmail.com
+65 8799 7411

WORK EXPERIENCEfdfksoffffffffffffffffffffffff ffffffffffffffffffffffff
PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services, Singapore
Senior Manager, Transaction Services
Manager
Senior Associate

ffffffff fffffffffffffffffffcffffff

fffff sdF

July 2017 – Present
July 2016 – June 2017
February 2015 – June 2016

Recognised for my exceptional performance by receiving fast-tracked out-of-cycle promotion.
 Buy side and sell side financial due diligence of financial institutions in South East Asia, China and
Hong Kong
- Advised financial services clients, including corporate investors and private equity firms on banking
and insurance transactions, highlighting key deal issues that will impact the purchase price for
investors.
- Experienced with reviewing financial data, credit procedures and regulatory requirements to identify
issues that will impact the net asset value and normalised earnings of financial institutions.
- Performed industry benchmarking to understand the relative performance of the Target financial
institutions and identify potential areas of improvement.
- Familiar with conducting management meetings to understand the business of the Target, and to
evaluate the competency of the Target management to achieve their business plans.
- Worked alongside the corporate development team of a UK-based global bank on a buy side due
diligence project to develop the financial model for a run-off retail book.
- Worked closely with other advisors including tax, legal and actuary to capture the financial aspect of
their due diligence findings. Presented comprehensive financial analyses to clients, also highlighting
considerations that investors should take into account in the sales and purchase agreement/
shareholders agreement in majority and minority stake scenarios.
- Past experiences include:
 Banking: buy side due diligence on a Chinese online commercial bank and a postal savings
bank; multiple retail, commercial and microfinance banks in the SEA region including
Vietnam, Cambodia, Brunei, Philippines and Singapore. Vendor assistance for a UK global
bank’s disposal of its banking operations in Asia.
 Insurance: buy side due diligence on (re)insurers in Thailand, Indonesia and Singapore.
 Others: buy side due diligence of a Chinese real estate lender; a Malaysian gaming and online
payment provider with global operations; a Singaporean/ Malaysian debt collection
company; and an American corporate housing provider.


Business opportunity origination
- Continuous monitoring of market news and regulatory updates to identify potential business
opportunities.
- Liaison person with other network firms in Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, Korea and Taiwan to
exchange the latest proprietary opportunities in the market, and potentially pairing interested buyers
and sellers.
- Prepared fact pack on the banking and insurance landscape in SEA for client meetings.

PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services, Kuala Lumpur
Assistant Manager, Transaction Services
September 2014 – February 2015
 Financial due diligence
 Masterskill Education Group and Philippine Academy for Aviation Training Inc.
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Kuala Lumpur
Executive Senior, Assurance, Financial Services
September 2009 – August 2014
 Financial due diligence
 Ironshore Inc., MCIS Zurich, Kurnia Insurance and MUI Continental Insurance







Research
- Research the regulatory and market structure as well as distribution arrangements of life insurance
industry in Malaysia for the purpose of Financial Advisory Industry Review by the Monetary
Authority of Singapore.
- Researched the motor insurance industry in Malaysia to assist Daimler in producing a corporate
agent proposal.
- Assisted to produce a white paper on Corporate Governance in Malaysia and presented the
comparative results in regards to a global perspective on best practice in compliance.
Audit of non life insurance company – AXA Affin, Tokio Marine and ACE Jerneh
Audit of shared services – Vanbreda International, AIG Global Services, Ace Asia Pacific Services
Audit of asset management – CIMB Principal Unit Trust Management, Alliance Fund

PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services
Intern, Corporate Finance
July 2008 – August 2008
 Undertook research on the ASEAN market, in particular the real estate, food & beverage and pharmaceutical
sectors. Assisted members of the Corporate Finance M&A team in undertaking financial analysis, to analyse
the past growth and profitability of companies, for deal origination and execution work. Also undertook case
studies research that was included in the Corporate Finance internal training programme.
Persistency Capital, New York
Intern, Equity Research
July 2007 – September 2007
Researched companies in the Asian market (mainly India and China), to analyse the potential growth and
profitability of securities through financial reports and meetings with management.
EDUCATION ffdpfspodfksofffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffc
fffffffffff
s sdF
Associate Chartered Accountant
January 2016 – Present
Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales (ICAEW)
University of Cambridge, UK
September 2006 – June 2009
Master of Arts (Honorary); 2013
Bachelor of Arts in Economics; 2006 – 2009
 Awarded Public Service Department Malaysia scholarship for outstanding Malaysian students; selection
is based on academic performance and all-round leadership track record and potential
 Awarded Cambridge Commonwealth Trust and Moody-Stuart Fund
 Treasurer of the Cambridge University Malaysia Society
 Project Director for the Cambridge University Malaysian food festival (for 200 people)
Taylor’s College, Malaysia
Cambridge Advanced (A)-levels
July 2004 – June 2006
 Straight distinctions (5 As) at Cambridge A-Levels: Economics, Mathematics, Further Mathematics, Physics
and General Studies
 Student Representative of the Chinese Society and Martial Arts Society
Temasek Junior College, Singapore
January 2004 – June 2004
Cambridge Advanced (A)-levels
 Awarded Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) scholarship, given to students with the most
outstanding academic potential and leadership qualities in the ASEAN region for study in Singapore
Subang Utama Secondary School, Malaysia
January 1999 – November 2003
Malaysian high school Ordinary (O)-levels
 11 Distinctions (11 As) at the SPM (O-Level equivalent) examinations: Mathematics, Additional
Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Economics, Accounting, History, English, Mandarin, Malay and Moral Ethics
 President of the Red Crescent Society, Geography Society and Table Tennis Club
ADDITIONAL SKILLSfksofffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffcff
Advanced language proficiency in English, Malay, Chinese (Mandarin and Cantonese)
REFERENCES
To provide upon request

fffffffff s

ffffsfffffffcfffffffffff sd

dss
F

