Kho Teck Ghim – Qualified Chartered Accountant
Summary / Profile:
A finance manager with an extensive experience in accounting, finance, taxation, budgetary and cash
flows management to attain the efficiency of accounting and finance operations and compliance with
statutory and other regulatory authorities’ requirements. Participating and involvement with project teams
to handle the financial and accounting matters for multi-million USD projects in India and Brunei. Key
strengths include: leading a team of 10+ accounting and finance personnel; in-depth technical knowledge
and skill in implementing GST accounting system and its application; capable to coach and train
subordinates to develop new skills required; competency in Malaysian taxation and its compliance; ability
to analyse and reveal the root cause of ineffectiveness in accounting and internal controls system, to
implement the necessary remedies to overcome the issues.
Key Skills:
• GST implementation, application & return
• Corporate tax computation
• Construction & Project accounting
• Manufacturing accounts
• Consolidation of group accounts
• Cash flow planning & management

•
•
•
•
•
•

Budgetary preparation & control
Design & implementation of internal controls
Financial accounting & reporting
Preparation & drafting of board resolutions
Operating of SAP FICO Module
Operating of SAP Business One

Career Highlights:
Super FI (M) Sdn Bhd faced some GST technical issues due to GST accounting system not properly
configured when implemented. This resulted in incorrect GST records and reporting. This issue was
highlighted to management and I took the lead to rectify the issue together with the assistance of GST
software consultant. A restructuring was introduced by management with the aims to increase the
effectiveness of operations and to achieve cost efficiency. I was leading the whole accounts department
toward the restructuring process and highly involved in planning, control and implementation of
restructuring process to ensure it progressed according to the plan.
Swiber Offshore Construction Pte Ltd first set up its office in Brunei, it had to face some challenging
issues because the accounts department was not ready to support the operations. This caused significant
inefficiency to the company initially. It ended up with a number of agents being appointed to carry out
basic tasks such as local procurements, requisition of local services and payment to vendors. I took the
lead to set up the whole accounts department, to enable accounts department to perform its exact functions
as required. I took the initiative to liaise with local vendors and to establish relationship with them to
enable the company to deal with them directly instead via agents. I was assigned by the MD to design
and implement the required internal controls and to lead SAP system implementation process for Brunei
office.
Philip Tong & Company was implementing the “Audit Express”, a computerised audit system in 2005. I
was leading and coaching the audit teams toward the change process by persuading them gradually to
adopt the computerised approach to perform their tasks and ensure no slipping back to the old practice.

Career Histories / Experiences:
Employer: Super FI (M) Sdn Bhd
Position: Finance Manager
Date: September 2016 to June 2017
Super FI was an instant coffee powder trader and producer equipped with state-of-art manufacturing and
R&D facilities.





Accountable for the full spectrum of a company’s finance, accounting, audit, GST and tax function
to ensure accuracy and timely reporting to HQ and filing with relevant authorities.
Reviewing of existing internal controls and accounting system/procedures and establishing new
policies and guidelines to improve their effectiveness.
Liaising with lawyers, tax agents, auditors, bankers and local regulatory authorities.
Leading, implementing and monitoring of restructuring process.

Achievement: Successfully rectified the failure of GST accounting system and leading the accounting
team toward the process of restructuring to meet the directive of the management.

Page | 1

Kho Teck Ghim – Qualified Chartered Accountant
Employer: Swiber Offshore Construction Pte Ltd
Position: Treasury Controller
Date: June 2015 to September 2016
Swiber Offshore was equipped with integrated expertise and specialisation in engineering, procurement,
installation, construction and transportation of offshore oil and gas facilities.





Preparing robust monthly cash flows forecast and managing the funds from India projects.
Coordinating and liaising with Project Management Team (PMT) to work out the monthly billing
forecast; monitoring the achievement of monthly targeted billing including follow up of payment.
Updating the payment status and identifying the issues causing delay to chief treasury and PMT.
Monitoring, liaising with account payable team and requesting funds to meet the obligations and
commitments such as payment to critical subcontractors/vendors and tax authorities.

Achievement: Creation of comprehensive and robust cash flows forecast template for monitoring and
facilitating account payable team to prioritise on critical payments and to update chief
treasury regarding the availability of funds to facilitate funds allocation.
Employer: Wong Ching Yong & Company
Position: Partner cum Branch In-charge
Date: July 2013 to May 2015
Wong Ching Yong & Company a local firm with specialisation in audit, taxation and liquidation.






In charge for the whole operations and business development of Bintulu branch.
Involvement in audit planning and identification of risk areas and guiding the audit juniors on audit
engagement; monitoring the progress of audit assignment and reviewing the working papers.
Couching and resolving technical auditing / accounting issues encountered by juniors.
Preparing and reviewing tax computation for the clients to ensure compliance.
Providing GST consultation and training to the clients.

Achievement: To set up the whole branch office including establishment of auditing, taxation, and
secretarial procedures, processes and templates required. Successfully trained the juniors
on operating of GST accounting system and to develop the necessary GST knowledge and
skill to enable them to overwhelm the challenge of new GST era.
Employer: Swiber Offshore Construction Pte Ltd
Position: Accounts Manager
Date: July 2007 to June 2013
Swiber Offshore was equipped with integrated expertise and specialisation in engineering, procurement,
installation, construction and transportation of offshore oil and gas facilities.






Designing and implementation of accounting system and required internal controls to streamline and
improve the efficiency and effectiveness of accounting and treasury functions to support the
operations.
Performing tax computation and liaising with tax manager in HQ and local tax agent with regard to
annual tax filling and other tax related matters.
Liaising with external auditors, bankers and local regulatory authorities.
Monitoring and reporting of monthly contract milestone billings and highlighting the causes of any
under achievement of monthly contract milestone billing to PMT and HQ.
Leading and managing a team of accounting personnel toward timely submission of monthly
management accounts and supporting schedules to HQ.

Achievement: Successfully set up accounting department, system and procedures to support the value
chain and improve the efficiency operations. Successfully leading the accounting team
toward implementation of SAP system and establishment of the required accounting and
internal control procedures/processes to streamline the administration; to improve the
effectiveness of internal control and accuracy of financial reporting for the company.

Page | 2

Kho Teck Ghim – Qualified Chartered Accountant
Earlier Careers:
Philip Tong & Company – 2003 to 2007 (Assistant Audit Manager)
Utahol Sdn Bhd – 2000 to 2001 (Accounts Assistant)
Wong Koh Ing & Company – 1998 to 1999 (Audit Junior)
Chiew Geok Lin Finance Bhd – 1997 to 1998 (Clerk)
Education / Membership:
Member of Malaysian Institute of Accountants
Member of Chartered Tax Institute of Malaysia
Member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants
Graduate of Malaysia Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators
CIMA Advance Diploma in Management Accounting
ACCA Certified Accounting Technician
IDPM Diploma – Information Management System
Methodist Pilley Institute Certificate in Computer Science
Malaysian Certificate of Education / SPM - Grade 2
Personal Details:
Address: No.24, Jalan 22/36, Lin Seng Garden, 46300 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.
Email: teck_ghim_sibu@yahoo.com
Mobile Phone: +6016-8709397
Skype: kho.teckghim

Page | 3

