Name:
FAIZAH BINTI HASSAN
Contact No : 012-221 2129
Email :
fais359@gmail.com
Age :
35 YEARS OLD
Marital status : MARRIED
Address :
NO. 12, JALAN PUTRA SETIA 6/1D, PUTRA HEIGHTS
47650 SUBANG JAYA, SELANGOR
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
5 March 2007 – Current
Company name:
Position Title
Department:
Experiences:
Current basic salary:

Red Money Group (Publishing and Events Management)
Head of Department
Finance, Human Resource and Administration
10.5 years
RM8,750 per month plus parking allowance

2 February 2004 – 16 February 2007
Company name:
Position Title
Department:
Experiences:
Last drawn salary:

Deloitte KassimChan (Accounting & Audit Firm)
Audit Senior
Audit Department
3 years
RM3,150 per month

CAREER EXPERIENCE IN RED MONEY GROUP
Head of Department (Finance, Human Resource And Admin)

5 March 2007 – Current

Responsibilities in Finance











Review day by day all the accounting books records and reports done by the down line staff & preparation of
monthly account closing for Kuala Lumpur, Labuan and Dubai offices.
Hands on with all accounting and finance tasks including bookkeeping and full sets od accounts even though
at managerial level
Maintain all the accounting records and reports monthly, quarterly and yearly
Analyse the financial statements monthly and quarterly and report directly to the Managing Directors.
Review budget and forecast against the actual performance and prepare the financial analysis monthly and
quarterly.
Responsible for corporate taxation, withholding tax and GST submission
Liaise with the auditors, bankers, tax agent, company secretary and other statutory bodies for all regulatory
and corporate matters.
Monitor closely the collection of payments received from the clients and liaise with the clients Malaysia as
well as from overseas especially Middle East, Asian and Europe.
Review and implement the financial policies and internal controls procedures of the Company
Involve in preparing and reviewing the company’s monthly budgets for entire group





Responsible for monitoring cash position and cashflow forecast preparation and also maintain banking
relationship
Manage other financial related matters including the foreign exchange transactions which suppliers and
customers of the company are worldwide.
Involve directly in preparing the project accounting for each project held by the group and give business
directions to the management for future project

Responsibilities in Human Resources






Review all human resource tasks done by subordinates from preparing the payroll register until delivering
the payslip to the staff inclusive recruitments, appointments, resignations, terminations, staff insurance etc.
Responsible to review the sales commissions’ forms claimed by all the sales team, event team and marketing
team as well as other human resources matters and report directly to the Managing Directors
Prepare the monthly budget on the payroll for entire group
Monitor the corporate credit card usage by entitled staff and payments to respective banks.
Responsible for application of new and renewal working visa for expatriates within the group.

Responsibilities in Administrations




Monitor and oversee all aspects of daily office administration functions and office maintenance is been
carried out adequately by the subordinates
Monitor and review the effectiveness of each suppliers in terms of pricing and quality of services rendered
and product purchased relating to administrations stuff inclusive the company courier companies.
Manage the other related company offices which incorporated in Labuan and its branch office in Dubai

CAREER EXPERIENCE IN DELOITTE KASSIMCHAN
Audit Senior

2 February 2004 – 16 February 2007

Responsibilities
 Act as accountant in-charge for a number of clients assigned under portfolio starting from planning of audit
works until preparing and delivering the audited financial statements as well as the consolidation of group
accounts to respective clients.
 Delegate the tasks to the subordinates and review the work papers prepared by them
 Ensure the completeness of audit working paper and all works to be done in timely manner to meet
deadline.
 Prepare budget for each individual job assigned.
 For multinational companies, review the reporting package to be sent outside Malaysia once the audit done.
 Liaise with the tax agent and company secretary for relevant matters
 Discussed with the client personnel on the audit related issues arise during the engagement
 Review and understand the financial policies and internal controls procedures of every client.
 Engaged with the special engagements such as the review of client forecasts and projections for IPO listing
purposes.
 Understand on the flow of preparing accounts from documents until the preparation of financial statements
as well as the consolidation of accounts. Able to prepare tax computation and have good knowledge on the
MASB / IFRS and Companies Act.
 Experience auditing various types of industry which includes services, trading, manufacturing and
construction. Arrange the audit from different industries in the same time.

SKILLS
 English
 Bahasa Malaysia
 Microsoft Office &
Internet
 SQL Accounting,
FiRST Accounting
 UBS & SAP Accounting
 Management &
Administration
 Auditing
 Corporate &
Personal Taxation
 Planning, Budgeting &
Forecasting

EDUCATION
2008
 Financial Accounting &
Reporting
 Project & Cost
Accounting
 International Reporting
 Leadership &
Delegation
 Human Resource
 Withholding Tax & GST
 Analytical Review &
Accounts Analysis

PREFERENCES




Expected salary is RM9,000 per month
Available after 3 months notice.
Willing to travel

REFERENCE
Available upon request

2004-2006

2002-2003
2000-2001
1998-1999

Malaysian Institute of Accountant (MIA)
Chartered Accountant
Malaysia Institute of Certified Public
Accountant (MICPA) - PCA
Advanced Taxation (Module C – Passed)
Advanced Financial Reporting (Module
D - Passed)
MARA university of Technology (UiTM),
Bachelor of Accountancy (Hons)
CGPA: 3.51/4.00 (First Class)
MARA university of Technology (UiTM)
Diploma in Accountancy
CGPA: 3.65/4.00
MARA Junior Science College (MRSM)
Malaysia Certificate of Education (SPM)
Grade 1 (Aggregate 6)

