Ms. Patcharapen Potephosree
Landline (+66 2 3126191), Mobile (+66 619545624), (+65 87991542)
potephosree.p@gmail.com
EDUCATION
2014-2015
Cass Business School, London, UK
MSc in Management with Merit
Relevant modules such as Accounting, Finance, International Finance, Business Economics and
Advanced Strategic Analysis
2008-2012
Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA, International Program, Second-class honour)
Major: Accounting, GPAX 3.55
Relevant modules such as Economics Ι & Π, Advanced Accounting Ι & Π, International
Accounting and Auditing
2011-2011
Yonsei University, Seoul, Korea
Undergraduate Exchange Program, GPAX 3.52
2005-2008
Triam Udom Suksa School, Bangkok, Thailand
High School
Math Program, GPAX 3.81
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
May 2016
United Overseas Bank (UOB) Limited (Singapore)
UOB is a leading bank in Asia with a global network and strong ratings from Moody’s, Standard
&Poor’s and Fitch Ratings. The company provides wide range of financial services such as
personal financial services, wealth management, private banking, commercial and corporate
banking, corporate finance and asset management.
Privilege Banking International Department (Client Acquisition Manager)
§ Developed understanding and knowledge of high-end market in Thailand to achieve
high expectation of clients in term of financial investment products as well as
personalized service.
§ Corporated with Client Advisors and Senior Client Adviser to provide total wealth
management experience to new and existing high-end clients.
§ Explored opportunity to approach new clients in Thailand by leveraging Thai language
as well as networking skill.
Nov 2015

United Overseas Bank (UOB) Limited (London Branch)
Corporate Department (Internship)
§ Assisted Credit Analyst performing risk assessment, including qualitative and financial
assessment, for new applicants as well as periodic review of existing clients.
§ Assisted Corporate Relationship Managers exploring the opportunity to approach new
clients in Europe by leveraging bank’s worldwide network.
§ Assisted Corporate Relationship Manager conducting call report after client meeting
and emphasizing additional actions required to effectively serve client’s needs.

June 2015

Cass Business School-Advanced Consulting Project (Clien: Reincubate)
§ Integrated all knowledge and capabilities to apply them to a specific, real-life and
business case.
§ Developed understanding of client’s business model and client’s problems in order to
provide an effective resolution to client.
§ Conducted in-depth interviews with potential client’s customers to collect market
data/information as well as analyse opportunities and threats of expanding business.
§ Communicated effectively with group members and client ensuring the project was
going to the right direction and problems have been properly solved.

March 2015

Cass Business School-Advanced Strategic Analysis (Client: Campari)
§ Developed understanding of company’s traditional business model and suggest
innovative model to approach new target consumers in international markets.
§ Integrated all significant tools including PEST analysis, Porter’s 5 Forces model,
resources and capabilities analysis, segmentation, SWOT and BCG analysis to support
strategic decision-making.

§

Advised Campari on specific growth strategies that would target new consumers
regarding geographical, demographic and psycho-attitudinal differences.

Sep 2012

Krungsri Securities (KSS) Public Company Limited, Thailand
Krungsri provides securities brokerage services to domestic and foreign investors. As a
brokerage subsidiary of Bank of Ayudhya, it has an opportunity to continuously expand
through the bank’s nationwide network and universal banking services.
Private Client Department (Investment Consultant)
§ Conducted in-depth research on listed company increasing quality of investment
consulting service delivered to clients.
§ Analysed economic and business environment by using real-time information system
and worldwide resources/networks improving decision-making effectiveness.
§ Analysed stock market by using fundamental and technical approaches supporting
asset allocation strategies provided to clients.

June 2012

Phatra Securities Public Company Limited, Thailand
Phatra is one of the leading securities companies in Thailand with respect to investment
banking business and the provision of brokerage services to institutional clients. The securities
provides a broad range of financial service including six types of securities businesses:
brokerage, dealer, underwriter, securities borrowing and lending, investment advisory and
private fund management.
Private Client Group (Internship)
§ Conducted research and presentation of listed company and funds enhancing
investment knowledge and capabilities at both individual and organizational levels.
§ Learned to analyse economic and business environment supporting investment
decision-making practices.
§ Analysed stock market by using both fundamental and technical approaches leading to
better strategy for investment decisions.
§ Developed understanding and experienced the nature of capital market in order to
provide fundamental investment knowledge and useful advice to potential clients.

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
Cass Business School-Entrepreneurship Project (London)
§ Conducted market research and analysed trend of customer’s demands in order to
select best business with high potential growth.
§ Created business plan, including several significant elements such as marketing plan,
manufacturing and operation plan and overall schedule, providing better
services/products to customers as well as offering competitive advantages to the
business.
§ Estimated financial budget required to successfully set up and run business.
§ Estimated risk of start-up business and prepared contingency plan to deal with
uncertainty.
§ Executed business ideas through an exhibition (market place) increasing opportunities
to gain financial support from potential investors.
Cass Business School – Global Real Estate Markets (Dubai)
§ Developed understanding and basic knowledge of real estate as an investment asset
throughout the course.
§ Participated in company visit at Nakheel, one of the world’s largest real estate
developers in Dubai to see how significant investment in real estate is as well as how it
has been diversified in developed markets.
Business Seminar in Paris – French Business & Management, Issues of
Institutional and Cross-cultural context in Europe
§ Developed understanding and basic knowledge of business and management in France.
BBA Multi-rural project trip (Thailand)
§ Coordinated with colleagues within and outside group enhancing project effectiveness.
§ Supervised and motivated personnel to perform at top efficiency levels increasing cooperative performances among the group members.

§

Controlled and evaluated crisis management in order to avoid disagreements and solve
conflicts during the project process.

HONORS, AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS
Best Performance Employee, 2012-2013
Academic Excellence, Triam Udom Suksa, 2005-2008
Academic Excellence, Mater Dei School, 1995-2001
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Professional Qualifications
§ Resourceful, energetic, competent, multi-task and results-oriented
§ Work well as a team member, leader or independently
§ Participated in a lot of multi-faced activities that contribute to interpersonal,
communication and networking skills
IT Skills and Professional Programs
§ Word, PowerPoint, Excel
LANGUAGES
§ Thai (native), English (fluent)
INTERESTS
§ Traveling, Boxing and Badminton
(A copy of my recognition letter of an excellent employee for outstanding performance in private wealth
management at Krungsri Securities Public Company Limited, Thailand is included in the application package to
show evidence of academic potential)

