NAKUL MAHESHWARI
Apartment 303, 26A, Ghoroob, Mirdif, Dubai, UAE
Tel: +971 50 4530806, email: maheshwari.nakul@gmail.com

PROFILE
Institutional Sales and Channel Management professional, with over 12 years’ experience in Financial Services Industry;
managing key stakeholders in all the following areas:
 Leading New Business Acquisition
 Managing Senior Executive Client Engagements
 Developing and Implementing New Business Strategies
 Identifying Target Markets
 Facilitating Strategic Partnerships

PROFESSIONAL STRENGTHS
■ Revenue Generation
■ Investment Placement
■ Fund Marketing

■ Regional P&L Responsibilities
■ Executive Presentations
■ Private Banking

■ Product Development
■ Risk/Scenario Analysis
■ Asset Allocation

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Vice President- Distribution and Institutional Sales
Kotak Mahindra (UK) Limited, Dubai, UAE

Sep 2010 – Till present

International subsidiary of India’s financial conglomerate, Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.; Provides India-Centric asset
management services and institutional structures to overseas investors seeking to invest in India.
Responsible for developing and implementing sales strategy and tactical business plan for raising incremental assets and
brokerage revenue from the Middle East and Africa region












Building and developing relationships with Sovereigns, pension funds, private banks, fund platforms, institutions
and family offices across the geographical region to identify business opportunities.
Retaining and expanding revenue streams whilst ensuring delivery against agreed business plans for the client
and product.
Identify and acquire new clients and work closely with other departments while focusing on institutional
mandates and distribution strategy.
Building a wide distribution network across the region for the full range of investment, broking and structured
products offered by KMUK.
Closely involved in structuring of investment vehicles/ products, and raising assets for Fixed Maturity Plans and
Leveraged Fixed Maturity Plans.
Continue to leverage extensive wealth management experience by providing guidance to Africa Based UHNW
investors and assist in underwriting new product ideas.
Complying with regulatory requirements of DFSA, FCA and SEBI.
Achievements:
Consistently raising more than USD 100 million of assets under management year on year, across debt and equity
funds and generating revenues in excess of USD 2 million per year.
Expanded KMUK’s market penetration in Kenya and Mauritius, promoting the brand and investment strategy
beyond its traditional markets
Won Equity and Debt Mandates from African Institutions and UHNWs.
Successfully launched and raised assets in customized debt funds.

Territory Manager
Sep 2008 – Sep 2010
Reliance Capital Asset Management Limited, Dubai, UAE
One of the largest asset management companies of India, part of Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group







Responsible for business development for all lines of business-both Institutional & Individual - through
Intermediaries in UAE, Bahrain and Kuwait.
Interface with the Distributors & developed short to long term strategies to ensure market share & growth in the
assigned market.
Identified strategic partnerships, planned strategic brand-building events and gathered market information to gain
a competitive advantage
Generated business development awareness by implementing in-depth sales and marketing training programs to
expand the product penetration
Trained and developed the intermediary sales force in investment related issues resulting in new business in first
year and consistent growth in subsequent year.
Developed and implemented strategy for Banking Channels, Brokers & Consultants and involved various internal
support departments for change management

Achievements:
 Achieved a turnaround increase in local Assets under Management (AUM) by more than 150 % (From US$ 30
Mn to US$ 75 Mn) within a 1.5-year span.
 Developed and implemented a targeted marketing program focused on NRI investors with established allocations
to the event driven sector for the purpose of diversifying the investor base away from “hot money” investors.
 Conceived and implemented pioneering strategies in fortifying distribution relationships; spearheaded
individualized trainings of 50 channel partners and organized roadshow attended by more than 300 key
distributors/channel partners.
 Garnered more than USD 20 million in new fund offer of Reliance Emergent India Fund in April-May 2010.
Unit Manager
Sep 2006 – Sep 2008
HDFC Bank Ltd, Dubai, UAE
Amongst the largest banks of India with key focus on wholesale banking, retail banking and treasury services








Promoted to level of Unit Manager in Feb 08 from Relationship Manager to achieve sales objectives by
implementing Sales strategy: Recruit, Supervise and lead a team of RMs
Directed a team of 6 Relationship Managers to forecast and set sales goals. Provided focus on the individual skills
and needs of each Relationship Manager, while executing an individual strategy for each.
As one of the first recruit for the JV of Bank Muscat and Erstwhile Centurion Bank of Punjab, spearheaded the
launch of premium segment NRI (Non-Resident Indian) Services in Dubai
Conceptualized and implemented marketing strategies with a view to penetrate market, new accounts acquisitions
& business expansion with wide range of financial products / services
Identified specialized customer segments (High Net worth Doctors, Media Professionals, Interior Decorators
and the likes) and pioneered customized promotions and referral process to rapidly capture market share in
these niches’.
Cultivated relationships with key players in various industries to create ongoing and mutually beneficial referral
systems
Managed a $ 50+ Million book of about 100 clients, providing a spectrum of financial products & services –
Deposits, Managed accounts, private equity, fixed income & equities included.

Achievements:
 As a Unit Manager achieved record average revenue of US$ 20,000 per Relationship Manager for the quarter.
 Amongst the top Relationship Manager in the Bank under Mutual Fund Sales category (FY 07).
 Closed a record number of Portfolio Management Services (PMS) deals within a 6-month span resulting in US$
15 Mn fund allocation.

Relationship Manager
Standard Chartered Bank, Noida, India
Country’s largest international bank with 99 branches in 42 cities





Handled Investment portfolios of 160 HNI clients while selecting and maintaining superior investment portfolios.
Monitored clients’ portfolio performance, conducted profitability analysis, rendered sustained advisory services
for securing high ROI and increasing retention levels.
Took adequate measures to ensure optimum utilization of surplus funds of HNIs towards the accomplishment of
revenue and profitability targets.
Managed customer centric operations & ensured customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & service quality
norms.

Independent Financial Adviser
Self Employed, Leeds (UK)/Delhi (India)





Jun 2004 – Jan 2006

Incubated, as a self-starter, Independent Wealth Management Consultancy specializing in the provision of
distribution services to Wealth Management, Asset Protection and Investment Management Companies
Managed more than 50 HNI (High Net worth Individual) Client Relationships with Assets under Management
(AUM) in excess of US$ 15 Mn and promoted financial planning services w.r.t. investments across various asset
classes.

Manager
Satyam Paper Corporation, Delhi, India
Paper Trading Company having operations in Northern and Central India



Feb 2006 – Aug 2006

Jun 2000 – Aug 2003

Conducted sales analysis, channel management and controlled back up/sale or return orders.
Increased operational efficiency by 15% with annual recurring costs savings in excess of USD 70,000 by
implementing ABC method of analysis for streamlining the supply chain.
Generated revenues in excess of USD 120,000 by locating and establishing relationships with 20+ enterprises
pan-India.

EDUCATION
MASTERS IN INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS
Leeds Business School, U.K. (2004)
BACHELOR IN VOCATIONAL ARTS (Store Management)
Delhi University, India (2000)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Date of Birth
Languages known
Location preference

17th June, 1980
English, Hindi
May consider relocation

