SID DADLANI
Phone:
Email:

+852 3051 9194 / +91 99874 01155
sid.dadlani@gmail.com / sid.dadlani@me.com

Focus of Interest: Asset Management/ Private Equity/ Business Development/ Institutional Sales
DIRECTOR / PARTNER / STRATEGY HEAD – seeking a leadership position which combines an All
American education, work experience and corporate skills with a competitive drive and in depth
knowledge of EMEA investment market culture and very deep Asian roots.
Qualifications Profile
Accomplished -- highly results-driven, with extensive years of progressive experience and
extraordinary success. Exhibited career-long track record of proactive leadership in developing
strategic visions and delivering results. A creative strategizer with the ability to communicate
effectively across management levels, geographies & disciplines.
Personally known to Banks, Sovereign, Corporations, Pensions in Middle East and Across Asia.
Professional Skills
Fund Raises and Placements
• Successfully helped in Raising 6 Alternative Asset funds in the last eight years
• Fixed Income in Real Estate, Life Sciences, 2 in Infrastructure and 2 in Real Estate
• A contributor in generating a weighted average IRR of 74% and multiple of invested
capital of 4.8 by performing as a member of the Investment Committee that
approved investments
Strategy, Vision and Mission Planning
• Served as an operating member of deal teams in providing operating perspective
and assessment of management, business plans, management process & value
• Initiated a formalized strategic planning process to establish core values and brand
promise while assuming responsibility in managing post-acquisition value-add which
included strategic planning & assessment
• Assisted advisors and shareholders in restructuring and redefining business strategy
and model
Collaborative Leadership and Growth
• Assisted advisors and shareholders in restructuring and redefining business
strategy/model
• Formed and supervised 2 separate teams in 2 separate organizations that
represented more than 43 aggregate years of private equity investing experience
• Executed cross-functional management process and culture that decreased cost,
improved capacity and provided business continuity
Work Experience
RELIGARE GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT
Hong Kong / Dubai
Global Head of Distribution, CEO (mena)
(Oct. 2014 – Present)
Set up a team that has complete responsibility for raising a total of over a U$1bn over a period
of 3 years for 4 affiliates that are sponsored internal funds; 3 finished and 1 ongoing.
Religare Global Asset Management (RGAM) is a multi-boutique asset management platform
focused on alternatives. The RGAM operating philosophy is to partner with best breed of asset
managers (Affiliates) in various alternative asset classes. RGAM also builds out organic ventures
with distinctive capabilities. With a presence across the US and Asia; an aggregate AUM of USD
$20bn (31st December 2015), RGAM has emerged as a significant asset management platform.
• Placed (RCOF) Religare Credit Advisors a 3 year close ended direct lending fixed income
fund raised to U$90million in the third quarter of 2015.
• Helped complete second round Quadria Capital in the second quarter of 2015 (a
U$330million growth capital fund investing in South Asia in life sciences).
• Helped raise U$150million for Northgate Capita (an affiliated owned by RGAM) first
Venture Capital Fund of Funds in record 3 months in primarily China.

SID DADLANI
Phone:
Email:

+852 3051 9194 / +91 99874 01155
sid.dadlani@gmail.com / sid.dadlani@me.com

IL&FS ADVISORS
Chief Marketing Officer & Head of Business Development

Dubai / Hong Kong
(Jan. 2010 – Sept, 2014)

Headed a team responsible for raising a total of U$600mn over a period of 4years for 3 fully
deployed Group funds. IL&FS Investment Managers Limited (IIML) is one of the oldest and largest
private equity fund managers in South Asia, with over U$3.2bn under management. Investors to
IIML-managed Funds include most of the major Indian Banks & Institutions, and marquee Global
Institutional Investors including major U.S. Pension Funds, Endowments and Foundations. IIML is
listed on the National Stock Exchange & Bombay Exchange.
•
Placed Souq (IISF) a U$290mn fund investing in the MENA region in Infrastructure
projects in a mezzanine structure – in the fourth quarter of 2014.
•
Raised DCL U$110million through April’12. The fund was fully deployed successfully in
1year. Dia Capital returned an IRR of 32% in its first year
•
Undeviating Responsibility for Corporate Affairs & Strategic Planning, Investment &
Committee Recommendations, Management of Investor Relations and Investments.
KOTAK MAHINDRA CAPITAL
Vice President – Head of Global Markets

Mumbai
(Dec. 2007 – Dec. 2009)

Joined Kotak to enhance its global reach and promote its cross border business. Created and Headed
the Global Markets Team with an approach that gave it the competitive edge to generate valueadded tools and structure state-of-the-art deals through M&A, PE and Capital Market Transactions.
Provided a full range of financial advisory services for mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, and
leveraged buyouts; Lead Originator for 2008.
•
Advised Mahindra &Mahindra in buying a 67.9% stake in JECO Holding AG of Germany. This
acquisition worth Euro140mn was the largest outbound auto parts acquisition in the world at the
time.
•
Raised MPC-Syn in 2008&2009 a U$270mn, retail real estate fund from a record single
investor for IL&FS Investment Managers Limited (IIML). MPSy an in-house portfolio fund investing
into 3 retail Real Estate Companies for their 17 projects – Panning India
•
Played a key pricing, marketing and placement role in the successful IPO of South India’s
largest Real Estate Co. in 2007
JP MORGAN CHASE
Associate Vice President - Real Estate & Energy
ROBERT FLEMING Co. (Acquired and merged with JP Morgan Chase 1999)
Intern, Analyst

New York
(Jan. 1999 – Dec 2007)
New York
(May 1997 – Dec. 1998)

Senior Member and Team Leader on the Global M&A Transaction side. Responsible for client
development and deal transaction on buy side advisory assignments, sale mandates, spin offs or
split offs; engaged an executive team of 6 for performing various functions across the board. The
origination team was the leader for the firm in 2004 and 2005 for Non Japan Asia and Europe.
Collaborated to develop and execute transactions tailored to the marketplace and for each client.
The methodology generated deals consistently to outperform in the aftermarket.
•
Advised and played an essential origination role on the US$2.55bn Reliance Energy
(Texas), the world’s largest privately financed pipeline in operation
•
Advised GE Capital Real Estate on the divestiture of Security Capital Research &
Management Inc(“SCR&M”),(an institutional Real Estate Manager) to Bank One Corp
•
Advised the Rockefeller Group in its acquisition of CommonWealth Partners LLC, a
private equity real estate investment manager

SID DADLANI
Phone:
Email:

+852 3051 9194 / +91 99874 01155
sid.dadlani@gmail.com / sid.dadlani@me.com

Education
NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of Arts in International Business
STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK
Masters in Finance of Business Administration

New York, New York (1997)
Stony Brook, New York (1999)

Internship
COMMERCE BANK (summer training program)
New York (May 1995 – Aug. 1995)
Working of Foreign Exchange Treasury and the Scope of Middle Markets

o
o

Additional Information
+8 Handicap Golfer
Actively donate time & efforts on various philanthropic endeavors in their own right

