FASIHA SHAIKH
+971 50 9658837
fasihashaikh@gmail.com

SUMMARY



11 years experience in Asset Management, Private Equity, Fund Raising, Equity
and Debt Advisory, Islamic Investments, Project Finance and Institutional Sales.



Expert in identifying projects/deal origination, due diligence and execution. Marketing,
placements, forming syndications, project finance and structuring Equity/Debt products
are core competencies.



Executed private equity, fund raising and advisory mandates in excess of AED 1 billion.



Advised and managed both discretionary & non discretionary investment portfolios
exceeding AED 1 billion. Exposure to both buy and sale of investments across asset
classes.



Experienced in launching funds, advisory business and institutional/private banking
investment products. Worked with local and foreign financial institutions on marketing,
promotion & distribution of such products.



Extensive experience and knowledge of investment analysis, market research, valuations
and financial modeling. Valued companies having market cap ranging upto US$ 35bn.



Strong business relationships with 300+ Institutional investors, SWFs, Banks, Holding
companies, Family Offices and Funds across GCC and internationally.



Excellent leadership qualities with exceptional communication and presentation
abilities.

EDUCATION

Masters in Business Administration (MBA) from University of Mumbai, 2005.
Specialization- Finance. Secured First Class in both years.
Master Financial Planner (MFP) from American Academy of Financial Management, USA.
Bachelors in Commerce (Accountancy & Finance) from University of Mumbai, 2003.

1

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Director - Investments & Business Development with ProBiz Capital, Dubai (June 2010Present)
Primary activities include corporate financial & investment advisory, deal origination &
execution and institutional business development.
Deal Origination: Generate new business opportunities by identifying companies where
investments/fund raising/advisory/ project financing are required. Collaborate with other bankers
and advisors. Prepare proposals, pitches & mandate letters, conduct due diligence and lead the
execution. Negotiate exclusivity for deals and sign client mandates.
Corporate Advisory and Financing: Identify companies seeking capital through equity or debt
route for expansion/acquisition/restructuring purposes. Provide advisory on raising finance from
international/ regional bank syndication and financial institutions. Develop financing plans;
negotiate structure and placement with investors and banks. Deal size ranges from US$ 10million
- 300million. Have originated and completed transactions exceeding AED 900million p.a.
Fund Distribution and Placement: Advice local and international financial institutions on the
strategy, development, structure and placement of retail, private and institutional investment
products. Establish distribution partners and create marketing plan. Conduct roadshows to raise
capital for reputed international fund houses. Executed fund raising transactions of US$ 550
million.
Asset Management: Provide investment advisory, valuation services, risk analysis & buy/sale
recommendations to institutional investors on their investment/treasury portfolios. Portfolio size
exceeds AED 1 billion. Clients include top holding companies & family offices in UAE/GCC.
SELL Mandates: Enable institutions to exit their private/co-investments by identifying third
party investors for such funds or holdings. Have sourced and executed transactions above AED 1
billion within UAE. Includes Private Equity, Secondaries, Funds and Real Estate investments.
Valuations: Prepare and supervise investor presentations, financial and valuation models,
feasibility studies, industry reports, etc. Supervise and lead the team of analysts. Review and
preparation of legal documents and term sheets.
Business Development:
 Build & manage investor relationships for effective deal closure. Established network of over
300 institutional investors including SWFs, funds, family offices, banks & investment
companies in GCC. Understand & work around their investment mandates.
 Establish tie-ups with leading local & international banks and investment houses for
promotion, distribution & sale of financial products to institutions & HNIs.
 Attend conferences and meetings with investors, clients and prospective partners locally and
internationally. Build and maintain healthy professional rapport to aid business development.
 Create and execute long term marketing strategies and partnerships for effective brand
building and lead generation. Managing advertising, media, awards, conferences, etc.
 Liaise with key internal/external stakeholders for legal, commercial & operational due
diligence.

+971 50 9658837

fasihashaikh@gmail.com

2

 Knowledge of UAE Investment framework, policies & regulations governing private
equity, banking, advisory, fund management & distribution.
Sector experience: Oil & gas, natural resources, infrastructure, education, real estate, energy,
financial services, hospitality, technology, healthcare, etc.

Junior Vice President - Equities & Business Development with Parsoli Corporation Ltd. Dubai (October 2007 – July 2010)
India's first BSE-listed Islamic Stock Broking, Financial services & Wealth Management company.
Launched India's first Ethical (Islamic) Insurance and Mutual fund in association with TATA AIG.
Created India's first Islamic Equity Index.
Business Development:


Played a key role in expanding business in UAE and establishing institutional investor
relationships within GCC. Complete exposure to setup in DIFC.



Built effective sales and distribution network for sourcing new institutional investors.
Act as primary contact for all regional distributors and investors and communicate
investment philosophy, risk management and product performance.



Major role in negotiating and structuring Islamic investment products in association
with partners, viz. Reliance Money, TATA AIG, GIC, Deutsche Bank, UTI Mutual Funds,
etc.



Responsible for strategic planning, product development, compliance, and scalability
of business operations & revenues. Reviewed and prepared proposals, legal documents,
financial & marketing plans.

Head of Islamic Investments & Equity Research Department


Islamic Index Management and Compliance: Monitor & supervise the Index compliance
by quarterly filtering of BSE listed 5000 stocks for sharia norms. Recommend stock
replacement based on corporate actions, financial forecast & valuations.



Built and lead the Equity Research team of 8 Analysts. Guide through the process of
valuations, financial analysis and forecasts on companies and industries.



Valuations: Valued companies with market cap ranging from US$ 100mn-35billion.



Published research reports with in-depth analysis on industry, business model, company
management, financials and valuations. Quarterly and annual reports were published along
with special event-based reports on Indian and international economic policies.



Sector coverage: Infrastructure, Real Estate, Power, Construction, Oil & Gas, IT, Retail,
Cement, Textiles, Fertilizers, Telecom, Aviation, etc.



External Relations: Give stock recommendations to Institutional Sales Team, Fund
Managers & Dealers. Meet Company management, conduct plant visits; attend Analyst
Meets, Conference calls, AGMs, etc.



Media Presence: Appear on TV channels and share opinions with print media on stock
performance, market views & investment ideas.

+971 50 9658837

fasihashaikh@gmail.com

3

Head of Financial Advisory Team


Built and supervised the Financial Advisory team to assist and advise clients on investment
portfolios and promote the Islamic Investment opportunity.



The team acted as the link between clients, Research department & Shariah Board.
Provided training and guidance to the team on equity, commodities and insurance products.

Senior Equity Research Analyst with Angel Broking Ltd. Mumbai (India’s leading stock
broking company) - (March 2006 – September 2007)
 Investment Analysis and Valuations: Conduct financial and comparative analysis of 5000
listed securities to identify high growth undervalued stocks for long term investments. Prepare
long term business forecasts through in-depth financial modeling, using different valuation
methods like DDM, DCF, Sum of the Parts, comparative and relative valuation, etc.
 Economy & Sector Analysis: Track domestic & global data eg. Risk analysis, govt policies,
budgetary impacts, M&As, quarterly industry numbers, demand supply, etc. Sectors include
Infrastructure, Real Estate, Power, Textile & Fertilizers.
 Equity Research Reports: Prepare extensive reports with BUY/SELL/HOLD
recommendations; Quarterly Reports based on updates released by company; Event Updates
based on mergers, acquisitions, Private Equity deals, etc; Economic Policy Updates and
Annual Budget Report.
 IPO Analysis: Issue research report on IPOs. Provide investment recommendation based on
financial & sector analysis, valuation, management meets and plant visit.
 Weekly Research Updates: Contribute in Weekly research reports of company through
fundamental and technical stock picks and market analysis.
 Networking & Site Visits: Meet company management for investment tracking and conduct
Plant visits. Attend Analyst Meets, AGMs and Investment Seminars.
 Regularly appeared on India’s leading business news channels (CNBC) & interacted
with print media to provide investment advice and analysis.

Equity Research Analyst with Arihant Capital Markets Ltd. - Mumbai (Listed on Indian
Stock Exchanges) - (February 2005 – March 2006)
 Cater to PMS (Portfolio Management Services) and Institutional clients with stock specific
research across sectors in Indian Equities.
 Prepare in-depth forecasted financial models and conduct company specific absolute and
relative valuations for recommending investment opportunities.
 Undertake complete fundamental and technical analysis and prepare research reports on
companies from diverse sectors including IT, fertilizers, pharmaceuticals, textiles, etc.
 Financial & comparative screening of 5000 listed securities to identify & recommend high
growth undervalued stocks using top-down/bottom-up approaches.
 In-depth study and analysis of domestic and international economic policies, sector dynamics,
international markets, currencies, commodities, F&Os, etc.

+971 50 9658837

fasihashaikh@gmail.com

4

 Interact with senior management of company & conduct company plant visits.
 Sector research includes Textile, Retail, Food Products, Power and Auto.


Attend Analyst Meets, AGMs and Investment Seminars.
Major Achievement:
Recognized as ‘Best Employee’ for research work and price target achievements.

COMPUTER SKILLS

Windows, Advanced MS Office (Word, Excel, Power point). Exposure to using Bloomberg,
Reuters and other financial software.

KEY STRENGTHS

Excellent presentation and effective communication abilities.
Strong conceptual grasp and willingness to learn. Analytical thinker.
Highly creative and adept at resolving key business issues coupled with confident decision
making.
Flexible to adapt with demanding situations and tasks.

INTERESTS

Reading, travelling, photography and music.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Date of Birth

: 27th May 1982

Gender

: Female

Marital Status

: Married

Visa Status

: UAE Resident

Nationality

: Indian

Mobile

: +971 50 9658837

Email

: fasihashaikh@gmail.com

+971 50 9658837

fasihashaikh@gmail.com

5

