Elie Chalouhi
Real Estate Executive
EU & Dubai, U.A.E
Mobile +32 (0) 487 460520
elie_chalouhi@hotmail.com

Summary
Real Estate entrepreneur proposing and selling opportunistic international off market equity investment deals to
a network of (U) HNW investors based in the GCC region.
Compensation: Min £ 120.000 + Bonus & Uncapped OTE

Employment History
Current career level

Director

FOUNDER & CEO
FIRST GULF EQUITY
November 2014 – Present
Dubai , United Arab Emirates
First Gulf Equity ( FGE ) is a Dubai-based one stop shop international real estate equity investment platform that
specializes in sourcing opportunistic global off-market opportunities for a select clientele of high net worth
individuals, families and trusts in the GCC region.
FGE gives investors ready access to invest in prime opportunistic RE equity investment deals.
Our capital raising and investor relations services allow RE sponsors to focus their efforts on managing their
investment portfolios for the benefit of investors instead of raising capital.
Track record for raising equity capital in the GCC that resulted in winning capital commitment mandates:
-

Westminster Abbey deal in prime SW1 London with Henley Investments (raised £12m equity with a Qatari
UHNWI out of £56m requirement) – May, 2013

-

Technopark phase III deal in Kerala, India with Taurus Investment Holding ( raised USD 75m equity with a
Qatari Investment firm out of USD500m requirement ) – October, 2014

Funding process for the Launching of RealPool, a one stop shop global opportunistic RE platform that will
transform the interaction between sponsors and investors in the RE private equity market.
WINDEO GREEN FUTUR BENELUX SA
January 2009 – October 2013
Sales Director, part of the management team
Brussels , Belgium
Sales Director, part of the management team
• Increased sales from start up to EUR 30 million in annual revenue
• Maintained full P&L accountability
• Attained 125% of planned sales in 2009, 200% in 2010 and 2011 and 300% forecasted in 2012
• Delivered record profits + 175 %/year
• Recruit, coach and optimize the sales team ( direct sales force: 65 )
• Implemented standardized processes performance metrics and incentives that immediately improved
sales performance
• Actively involved in developing Green Point store concept and in drafting all contractual agreements
• Ranked # 1 in the Belgium market in 2012, with an annual forecast of EUR 60 million for 2013

Real Estate Developer
PLUS PROPERTIES
January 2006 – January 2009
Dubai , United Arab Emirates
Senior Sales Executive leader
• Managed key strategic accounts selling all type of property class assets that deliver stable distributions and
sustainable total returns for global investors and international property investment firms.
• Inspire and coach sales teams (sales force of 40) and local broker's partners to exceed sales revenue
targets.
• Achieved company's biggest single transaction in 2007 for the sale of commercial office floors in the
DIFC district (+/- US 15M)
• Achieved highest dollar Sales volume for luxury apartments and villas to global investors, mainly
British and Russians. Ranked # 1 sales' volume for 2 consecutive years (total revenue generated: +/US 35M )
• Achieved quickest turnaround in Company's history by selling a 1250m2 luxury penthouse to a
Kenyan Sr. Official (US 3,5M), in 3 days!
• Encourage, train and coach the sales team and local real estate agents to sell property portfolio
resulting to annual sales revenue exceeding US 225M.
ENVERGURE
January 2002 – January 2006
Brussels , Belgium
CEO
• Source, buy, hold and sell property opportunities in Europe and in the US IN partnership with (U)HNW
investors.
MACNASH & ASSOCIATES
Real Estate Broker
Sales Partner
• Developed and managed multi-million Euros exclusive portfolio in Belgium for the account of Macnash & Ass.
(#2 Residential Real Estate Company in Belgium)
• Broke sales record with Sales of 60 residential properties in 6 months. Ranked #1 salesman.
INDILO INTERNATIONAL
January 1994 – January 2002
Sales Director
Luxemburg
Global Logistics Provider
• Sales of global logistics services, mainly transportation and warehousing facilities for key customers like
Hasbro International, Emery Worldwide, Carrefour, Volkswagen AG, Dade Diagnostic Temporary
logistics assignments on behalf of PriceWaterhouseCoopers at Valio, Levi Strauss EMEA,
PerkinHelmer Life Science, Glaverbel and Marsh

Education History
1990 – 1994

Bachelor in Business Administration, Mercer University, Atlanta, USA

Languages
Fluent in English, Spanish and French

