EVON LIM HOON MUN
PERSONAL PROFILE
Gender
Race
Date of Birth
Language Proficiency

: Female
: Chinese
: 21st March 1989
: English and Mandarin

Nationality
Email address
Mobile Number
Availability

: Singaporean
: evonlimhm@gmail.com
: 90120762
: 1 month

Self-motivated and experienced professional with 6 years of internal audit experience in financial

institutions and public sector. Experience includes audit review of General Insurance (Agency
Compensation, Underwriting, Claims), Life Insurance (Claims processing), Regulatory
Compliance, Cambodia Bank, Fund Management, Private Equity and Credit Operations.
Meticulous and diligent team player with good analytical and problem solving skills. Strong
leadership qualities and communication skills. Ability to deliver on multiple commitments.
Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), Certified Financial Services Auditor (CFSA) and Chartered
Accountant (SG).
Achieved first-placing in Singapore for the P7SGP paper of the December 2013 ACCA
examination session.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Manager, Group Internal Audit
Aug 2015 to Present
Great Eastern Life Assurance
 Lead and execute audit engagements in relation to General Insurance (Agency Compensation,
Underwriting, Claims), Life Insurance (Claims processing), Financial Risk Management,
Regulatory Compliance audits.
 Manages audits with a risk focus and ensure the quality of working papers and audit file to support the
findings of audit engagements.
 Prepare and issue internal audit reports.
 Propose corrective actions for Management to implement that address process control gaps.
 Verify adequacy of issue closures for internal audit reports and MAS inspection reports.
 Perform annual review of Group Whistleblowing Policy.
 Follow-up on Quality Assurance and Improvement Program (QAIP) review.
Senior Executive, Internal Audit
Nov 2013 to Jul 2015
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
 Develop audit program and perform internal audit review for the Phillip Capital Group, including
overseas entities
 Identify and evaluate key risks (using a risk-based methodology) and controls, perform controls testing
(including design of controls and operating effectiveness) and conduct detailed audit checks
 Recommend improvements to address risks and weakness identified
 Prepare and issue audit report
 Followed up on past audit findings for the Phillip Capital Group (local and oversea) to ensure adequate
and timely implementation of control gaps and weaknesses
 Audited areas include credit operations, fund management, private equity and bank









Perform ad-hoc assignments on improving new processes (lucky draw, pre-generation of pin mailers,
registration of online password reset service, return mail, operations certification and risk monitoring for
overseas entities)
Developed fraud and whistle blowing E-learning module for the Phillip Capital Group
Provides support to company’s whistle blowing policy
Developed internal audit risk assessment methodology
Assisted to develop the annual audit plan according to the risk assessment framework
Develop a discussion paper on “Instilling risk culture”

Assistant Internal Audit Manager
Central Provident Fund Board








Aug 2011 to Oct 2013

Plan and perform audits of various functions and processes in the Board
Evaluate adequacy, efficiency and effectiveness of controls and recommend improvements to
address risks or weaknesses identified.
Review the adequacy, efficiency and effectiveness of the risk management framework and
processes
Prepare and issue audit reports
Evaluate and follow-up on implementation of agreed actions
Provided secretarial support to the Audit Committee, include managing the Audit Committee
meetings and preparation of Audit Committee papers and meeting minutes

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIP








Certified Internal Auditor (CIA)
Certified Financial Services Auditor (CFSA)
Chartered Accountant (SG)
ACCA Member
IIA Member
ISCA Member

EDUCATION
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)

2012 to 2014

Bachelor of Science in Business (Hons)
University of London
Singapore Institute of Management

2008 to 2011

GCE ‘A’ Level
St Andrew’s Junior College

2006 to 2007

GCE ‘O’ Level

2002 to 2005

Crescent Girls’ School

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Proficient in Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint ● Qlikview ● Quick Book ● MYOB

