Ms. Lucky Saraf (HK Permanent Resident; Age 33 years)

luckysaraf@gmail.com; +852 64752265

Synopsis:


Working with Bupa Global since April 2016 – Supporting Head of Finance and CEO



Prior experience:
 HK - 3.5 years in Accounts / Finance with Morgan Stanley, Boeing and Univan Ship Management
 Mumbai – 3 years (post qualification) in International Tax with Ernst & Young



Chartered Accountant – All India Rank 44; Cleared CFA Level 2

WORK EXPERIENCE:
I.

Bupa Global – Finance Analyst

Since Apr. ‘16

Provide analysis and recommendations for key business decisions to Bupa Global Asia Pac (BG APAC) Head
of Finance and CEO

II.

III.



Work with the CEO, Head of Finance and Sales Heads for ongoing development and production of
appropriate performance indicators to ensure right business focus



Contribute to the development of robust forecasting for the business, feed to Bupa Global monthly
forecast / annual planning processes



Analyze financials and prepare slides to inform operational decisions



Study monthly performance and prepare slides on other business insights (such as operating
expenditure movement) for BG APAC Head of Finance and CEO



Design and implement incentive schemes for sales team



Prepare annual operating plan (sales target, operating expenditure target, etc.) for the Asia entity;
including setting up an excel model.

Morgan Stanley HK - Return to Work Intern in MB&RE Finance

Sep. ‘15 – Nov. ‘15



Perform daily/weekly revenue reporting including system upload and market news research for
Merchant Banking and Real Estate Investments in Asia Pacific



Review RMB Fund weekly cash activity



Handle monthly closing including revenue and expense analysis, prepare expense allocation reports
and journal posting



Substantiate month-on-month Balance Sheet movements



Help with ad-hoc financial analysis, reporting and presentation for the Business Unit and Firm
Management



Update knowledge bank and desktop manuals.

Boeing (Asia) Investment Ltd., HK – Financial Specialist

Oct. ‘11 – Dec. ‘12

Reason for leaving – Took a break to raise kids


Manage payments for Indian and other Asian offices



Manage filing of payment records electronically; Effect weekly/monthly account closing



Test and implement accounting software and online banking system; Capture, measure and review
performance metrics



Work with India office to finalize India accounts.

IV.

Univan Ship Management Ltd., HK – Finance Executive

Aug. ‘09 - Oct. ‘11

Manage a team of over ten people, report to CFO. Key functional responsibilities include:


Fund ship management activities i.e. request funds from ship-owners; ensure timely receipt of funds
and effect subsequent supplier payments



Manage accounting reports and cost variance i.e. ensure timely preparation and issuance of various
accounting reports to clients/management/regulators; analyze actual cost variance from budget and
implement corrective steps



Ensure accuracy of field office accounts prepared by field offices’ staff and manage timely funds
disbursement to field offices. Univan has its head office in HK, 8 field offices worldwide and number of
agents across the globe for smooth operation of vessels



Liaise with banks to effect crew allotments across the globe; manage cash disbursement to vessel
masters at different ports through agents / joining crew to fulfill on board cash requirement; handle
accounts finalization with auditors; etc.

5 years of tax advisory and compliance experience in the complex Indian legal and regulatory environment
V.

Mar. ‘06 - Apr. ‘09

Ernst & Young, Mumbai - Senior Consultant, International Tax

Reason for leaving - Relocation to HK post marriage


Responsible for work of over 5 juniors, reported to Manager/ Senior Manager/ Partner



Diverse industry experience across Pharmaceutical, Telecom, Technology, FMCG and Private Equity



Clients include Warburg Pincus, Novartis, CA (Computer Associates), Tata Teleservices, UPS
Couriers, Colgate Palmolive, etc.

Experience includes global transfer pricing, cross border taxability of multinationals and optimizing group tax
costs, investments in Indian projects by foreign companies, foreign exchange remittances / repatriation
issues, due diligence, Indian tax and other regulatory compliances.
VI.

Aug. ‘02 - Aug. ‘05

S. N. Agarwal & Associates - Full-time Articleship

Handle routine compliance and advisory matters relating to corporate law and taxation.
ACADEMICS:
Year

Course

Details
> 70% in Quantitative Management and
Alternative Investments

Institution

2011

CFA (Level 2)

2005

Chartered Accountancy

All India Rank 44

2004

Commerce Graduation

80% (Focus on Accounts, Taxation and
Finance)

The Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India
University of Mumbai (NM
College)

2001

Higher Secondary

84.17% (Focus on Accounts and Math)

NM College, Mumbai

1999

Secondary School

85.33%

J.H. Poddar School, Mumbai

CFA Institute, USA

