CURRICULUM VITAE
Personal Particulars
Name
Contact Number
E‐mail
Date of Birth
Address

:
:
:
:
:

Lan Yuguang (Vera)
+65 8606 4918
veralan@gmail.com
29 March 1988
#02‐2927 Blk120 Paya Lebar Way
Singapore 381120

Summary
Strategic and analytical audit professional with 5 years experiences in external auditing, financial
reporting and financial analysis. Highly experienced in auditing and financial reporting of real
estate industry included private equity fund and commercial and retail entity. Proficient in
valuation techniques for properties and valuation accounting. Accomplished and result‐
orientated professional who consistently meet deadlines.
Work Experience
August 2011 ‐ present

KPMG LLP (Full Time)

Last position held

: Audit Manager
General Assurance – Real Estate, Consumer and Tourism (REC&T)

Job descriptions

Leading a team in carrying assurance services to firm’s clients for
the purpose of local statutory reporting requirements as well
as the listing companies to the Singapore Exchange Ltd (“SGX”)
in compliance with Singapore FRS and under the Singapore
Auditing Standards;
Provide management over a portfolio of clients and deliver high
quality audit and assurance service, including preparing and
reviewing audit plans and work.
Maintain critical thinking, good organization skills, and attention
to details and capitalized on learning opportunities to enhance
working knowledge.
Coach, train and monitor auditing staffs on engagements to
deliver quality working in time and facilitated an efficient
review of senior manager and partner
Reviewing of internal business discounted cash flow projection
and external property valuation report to ascertain the
techniques and major assumption used by valuer are
reasonable
Drafting and reviewing financial statement, consolidation and
other reporting deliverables in accordance with Singapore
Financial Reporting Standards

Client portfolio

Portfolio includes private equity fund, public listed companies
on SGX, local SMEs, and PRC companies in various industries
such as real estate, consumer and tourism. The following
entities are some of the major audit engagements:
1. Real Estate Capital Asia Partners Limited Partners (“RECAP”)
2. SC Capital Partners Pte. Ltd
(Fund manager for RECAP with invested properties located
in Japan, Thailand, Australia, China, Myanmar and Korea.)
3. Lend Lease Singapore
4. Straco Corporation Limited
5. St. Regis Hotel
6. W Singapore Sentosa Cove Hotel

Education:
2009 to 2011
2009 to 2011
2008
2006 to 2007

:
:
:
:
:

Oxford Brookes University
Honoured Degree in Applied Accounting ‐ Full Time
ACCA Qualification in SAA‐Global Education, Singapore
CAT Qualification in SAA‐Global Education, Singapore
GCE ‘A’ Level in Dimensions Commercial School Singapore

Achievements:
Professional Credentials
Academy Awards

Career Achievements

Singapore Chartered Accountant (“CA”)
ACCA member
ACCA overall grade: 3rd Placing in Singapore, 32nd Worldwide
ACCA P7 Advanced Audit & Assurance: 3rd Placing in Singapore,
20th Worldwide
ACCA P3 Business Analysis: 1st Placing in Singapore, 3rd
Worldwide
ACCA F8 Audit & Assurance: 1st Placing in Singapore, 9th
Worldwide
ACCA F5 Performance Management: 2nd Placing in Singapore,
6th Worldwide
KPMG Service Excellence Team Awards 2012
KPMG Service Champions Awards 2016

Other Information
Languages

: English(Fluent) and Chinese (mother tongue)

IT Skills
Nationality

: Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint,
IDEA (sampling tool)
: Chinese (Singapore PR)

Current salary
Availability

SGD 6,000
Two‐months notice period

