Personal Particulars
Name
Residential address
Date of Birth
Nationality
Mobile No.
E-mail Address

: Lee Tze Choong
: Block 142, Tao Payoh Lorong 2, #29-172, 310142, Singapore
: 24 September 1986
: Malaysian
: +65 9168 9686
: Lee_T_Choong@hotmail.com

Career Objectives
To pursue a position in a challenging and healthy work environment with an opportunity for
career advancement. Ideally, in an organization that value employees’ experience, opinions
and contributions to the overall well-being of the firm.

Professional Profiles
−
−
−
−
−

Team flexible and adaptable contributor, good at multi-tasking, meeting deadline and
thriving in a fast-paced environment.
Innovative, self-motivated team builder who is able to work independently when
required.
Good at managing team members, which include providing guidance and constructive
feedbacks.
Maintain healthy professional relationships with clients, colleagues and top
managements.
Good interpersonal skills with fine analytical and writing skills.

1

Professional Experience
KPMG LLP, Singapore (July 2014 – Present)
Audit Manager
− Managing audit portfolios in various industries such as real estate development, education,
media broadcast and trading.
− Coordinate audit of multinational corporations with overseas counterparts.
− Provide technical accounting advisory to client.
− Arrange and lead meetings with client’s key management.
− Developed and implemented a client service plan for the engagement.
− Preparing engagement budget and improving profitability of the engagement.
Ernst & Young, KL (March 2010 – April 2014)
Audit Assistant Manager
− Senior-in-charge of audit engagements in various industries such as real estate
development, investment holding, media and advertisement, manufacturing, trading and
infrastructure,
− Planning and executing audit team activities to meet objectives within tight deadlines
− Leading, monitor and provide on-job trainings to the subordinates.
− Review of consolidated financial statements and draft management letter. Management
letter includes weaknesses identified, potential impact and the recommendation for remedial
actions.
− Interview key management of various companies including multinational companies to
understand their business overview.
− Analyse financial data (including past trends) and review the financial/future cashflow
projections.
− Review of audit files and working papers prepared by subordinates. Provide constructive
comments for improvements/maintain the quality of audit services provided.
− Assisting directors/senior managers as a medium of communication with client and the firm.
− Maintains good rapport with the senior personnel of the client companies within my
assigned engagements.
Lim Su Chung & Co (November 2008 – December 2008)
Vacation Trainee
− Assisted in the provision of accounting services including keying inputs into basic general
ledgers, subledgers, and payroll.

Qualifications
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)
Subject
: Tax (F6), Audit & Assurance (F8), Professional Accountant (P1)
Corporate Reporting (P2), Business Analysis (P3), Advanced
Taxation (P6) and Advanced Audit & Assurance (P7).
Status
: Final paper - Advanced Audit & Assurance (P7).

2

Qualifications (contd.)
Oxford Brookes University (UK) / Nilai University College : 2004-2008
(Graduation Date: September 2008)
Qualification
: Bachelor of Arts (Hons)
Grade
: 2nd Lower Class
Major
: Accounting and Finance
Award
: 2009 BDO Binder Prize Award for Financial Accounting Theory
SM Lok Yuk, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah : 1999-2003
Qualification
: Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM)
Grade
: 1
Subject
: Science

Extra Co – Curricular Activities & Hobbies
−

Badminton, Basketball, Gym and Travelling.

Language Proficiencies
Language
English
Malay
Chinese (Mandarin)

Speaking
Proficiency
High
High
High

Writing
Proficiency
High
High
Low

Reading
Proficiency
High
High
Low

3

