RESUME OF LIM SHEA LI SHIRLEY
PERSONAL DETAILS
Mobile
Email

: 87978135
: shirleylim@pmail.ntu.edu.sg

SUMMARY OF SKILLS
 Over 10 years of experience specialising in Funds across a broad spectrum of alternative investments
(i.e. Private Equity and Hedge Funds) and Mutual funds.
 Experienced in both Fund Management and Fund Services which include cash & securities
reconciliation, valuation and financial reporting for assets under management
 Familiar with Portfolio Investment Management and Operations. Experienced in analysing and
evaluating investment fund legal documents, Performance ratios, Incentive fees calculations and
Financial Reporting Standards. Administered Fund commitments of over USD 800millions
 Experienced in managing and maintaining client relationships as well as business development.
 Ability to maintain communication with senior management
 Dedicated to streamline processes and workflows for operational efficiencies.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
1. Crescent Fund Management Pte Ltd., Vice President, Operations
(Private Equity Funds)

Dec 2014-Present

 Assisted the firm in obtaining the Capital Markets Services License (LFMC status) in 2015
 Assist and report directly to the CFO on all matters including Company’s Budgeting and managing
Investment Cash Flows (i.e. Funding and Divestments) and Investment Holding structures.
 Involve in Investment Committee meetings on deal approvals and work with the lawyer in
documenting the investment approval documentation.
 Handle Fund Operations and Investment-related matters such as Funds’ Financial Reporting and
Management Fee computations
 In charge of Investor Relations including preparation of quarterly investor reports, funding and
distribution notices and attending to investor queries
 Work with the Corporate Secretarial and Compliance team to develop, streamline and implement
control frameworks
2. Conifer Financial Services (Merged with Vastardis Capital Services), Assistant Vice President (AVP)
Jun 2012 – Dec 2014
(Private Equity Funds)
 Team lead for the Private Equity (PE) team
 Administered fund sizes ranging to over USD 800millions in commitment size
 Exposed to various types of PE Fund Structures and Strategies covering Asia, particularly Indonesia
and the US markets.
 Involved in Conifer’s business development and marketing initiatives through networking functions,
meeting prospective clients and presenting to them the company profile.
 Kept up to date on recent regulatory developments such as FATCA and recent revised EFM regime
and assist clients in getting themselves legally compliant.
 Final reviewer for all deliverables including but not limited to Waterfall calculations, Performance
Analyses, Capital Calls and Distributions, Capital Statements and Financial Statements
 Maintained relationships with Fund Managers, Investment Analysts, Investors and Auditors

3. HongKong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC), Manager
Jan 2012- Jun 2012
(Private Equity and Hedge Funds)
 Recruited to lead the new Private Equity business and work on existing Hedge Funds
 Work closely with clients in order to build strong relationships
 Review Net Asset Valuation packages, perform analysis and review of Client’s financial reports and
investigate anomalies
 Provide guidance and mentor a team of Portfolio Accountants
4. Vastardis Capital Services Pte Ltd, Senior Associate (Manager)
Oct 2008 – Dec 2011
(Private Equity and BDC Funds)
 Pioneer member of the Singapore office and was actively involved in the company’s start up and
continued operations and growth. Have demonstrated the ability to meet expectations and excel in a
versatile and challenging environment
 Competency recognized and promoted to manage and oversee the PE team
 Responsible for management of Client Relationships and Business Development
 Perform full Fund Accounting and Administration for PE funds and BDCs
o Liaise with Legal Counsels and evaluate legal documentations such as Sales and Purchase
Agreements (SPA) and Subscription documents
o Gain exposure and knowledge on the Funds’ investment strategies and fund structures as well as
their implications
o Analyse and evaluate Limited Partnership Agreement (LPA) for purpose of preparing complicated
Waterfall calculation and Managers’ Carried Interests.
o Prepare full set of Financial Statements in accordance with IFRS/ US GAAP requirements and
Capital Account Statements
o Responsible for Capital Calls, Distributions and True-ups as well as periodic investors’ Capital
Statements
o Assisting Fund Managers on additional requests beyond scope of services as value-add and
resolution on Limited Partners’ queries
o Liaise with the Funds’ auditors to clear all requests and co-ordinate annual audits with an aim to
lessen workload and distractions on the Fund Managers
• Meet up with Fund Managers and Investment Analysts on a regular basis to discuss periodic reporting
and am the key relationship manager whenever they have any queries
• Improvement on various soft skills and presentation skills gained through client facing and marketing
opportunities as well as having worked in a competitive multi-national environment
5. Citibank N.A. , Fund Accountant (Unitised Funds)
Oct 2006 – Oct 2008
 Capability recognized and being allocated Reviewing and Mentoring role.
 Specialized in Net Asset Valuation and Performance Variance Monitoring for Unit Trusts, Investment
Funds for Asia Pacific regional clients
 Responsible for the accuracy of Market Transactions such as Trades, Foreign Exchange (FXs),
Corporate Actions.
 Exposed widely to a range of Mutual Funds investing in numerous banking instruments such as Bonds,
Equities, MBS, Futures and Time deposits
 Equipped with the understanding of the workflow of Portfolio Investment Procedures and Market
Practices.
 Liaised directly with Clients, Fund Managers, Registrar and relevant parties to resolve any outstanding
issues and queries so as to ensure optimal service standards.
 Preparation and Reviews of Profit and Loss, Balance Sheets and other Customized Reports for Clients.

6. State Street Bank and Trust Company, Fund Accountant
Nov 2005 – Oct 2006
 Responsible for the daily computations of Net Asset Values and Unit pricing
 Performed more in-depth Custodial Services in areas such as Cash Management, Foreign Exchange
Transactions, Corporate Actions as well as Monthly Reporting.
 Competency recognized and was appointed to be involved in the Bank’s Major Migration project and
assisted in the Trade Processing team during the adaptation period.
 Gained knowledge in Trades and Securities Settlements in major markets worldwide.

EDUCATIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS
1.

2.


Nanyang Technological University, Nanyang Business School
June 2002 – July 2005
nd
Obtained 2 Class Honours Degree in Business. Specialized in Banking and Finance.
Jurong Junior College
Jan 2000 – Dec 2001
Represented the college in the Australian Mathematics Competition for the Westpac Awards (Senior
Division) in 2001 organized by Australian Mathematics Trust.
3. Clementi Town Secondary School
Jan 1996 – Dec 1999
 Represented the school in the Australian Mathematics Competition (Intermediate Division) in 1998
organized by Australian Mathematics Trust.
 Represented the school in the Singapore Secondary School Mathematical Olympiad (Senior Section)
in 1998 and 1999 organized by the Singapore Mathematical Society.

ENRICHMENT ACTIVITIES
1. Citibank, Events Committee
2007
 Involved in the Organizational and Implementation processes of events for the whole of Citibank.
 Sharpened Coordination and Interpersonal Skills through interactions across all the banking groups to
ensure issues are resolved with utmost democracy
SKILLS AND ABILITIES

1.






Personality and Interpersonal
Mature and Results oriented
Responsible and able to work in demanding environments.
Strong numerical skills with good attention to details
Sociable Personality
Proficient in both English and Mandarin.

2. Computer


Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint), Bloomberg, Advent Geneva and Multifond.

