S U R B H I S AT I

PROFI LE
An adaptable and responsible professional seeking a mid-level position in an
Investment Firm which will utilise my specialised operational and communication skills
developed in a private equity fund.
Present a track record of +6 years of experience dedicated to the field of Fund
Administration, Fund Accounting, ESG Matters, Fund Compliances, Investor Reporting
& Support.
EXPER IENCE
MA NAG ER ( F INA NC E & CO N T R OL ) , RAB O E QU I TY ADVI SO RS, — M ARCH 2015M ARCH 2 0 17

Responsible for the end to end fund administration of the two private equity funds
advised by the Company. Job involved maintaining relationships with the fund
manager, outsourced service providers, coordinating the work flow at all levels and
structure of the two funds being managed by the Company. Independently handled
the fund accounting, tax, regulatory filings, compliances, generated quarterly reporting
for the LPs.
In March 2016, I have been given the role of the business integrity and governance
officer for the fund. Have worked out the plan for integrating environmental and
business integrity considerations in the investment decision making process. Have
performed checks and tests on the portfolio companies of the funds. Responsible for
the ESG matters.
A S SI STA NT M AN AG ER ( F I NAN CE & CO NT RO L ), R AB O E Q U I TY ADVI SO RS, —
D E C E M B ER 2011-F E BRUARY 2015

Responsible for day to day accounting and generating reports for the Management,
handled investor queries and build relationships with the various parties involved in
the private equity fund structure. Liaise with the fund manger, vendors and the
portfolio companies for the various administrative matters. Handled the compliances,
book keeping, audit etc.. of the fund structure.
T RA IN EE , R AB O E QU I TY ADVI SO RS, — D E CE MB E R 2010- D E CE M B E R 2 0 1 1

Performed desktop research for the sectoral mapping of the investments. Written
research reports/profiling on various companies for in-house use. Assisted in book
keeping, compliances and vendor management.
EDUCATI ON
• Company Secretary, Institute of Company Secretaries of India (A statutory body
under an act of Indian Parliament) – 2007- 2010
Queenstown, Singapore

+65 98134133

Page 1 of 2

cssurbhisati@gmail.com

• Accounting Degree-Bachelors of Commerce (Hons.), University of Delhi, India –
2007- 2010
• Higher School Certificate (12th Standard of School education), from the Lady Irwin Sr.
Sec. School, New Delhi, India) – 2006-07

Page 2 of 2

