LEOH CHAY HOON (廖静芬)
Tel: (65) 9686 1416
E-mail: jingleoh@hotmail.com

EXPERIENCE
Current

Millennium Management
Contract Role, Finance




Dec 2011 – Dec 2016

Monthly financial accounts closing and headoffice reporting for Singapore and Asia
group entities
Coordination of year-end audit and other regulatory reporting and filings for group
entities
Process documentation and identify/ work on opportunities for process
improvements

GIC Private Limited (“GIC”)
Vice-President, Finance
2015 to 2016
Financial Controller, Private Equity and Infrastructure (“PE&I”)
 Finance business partner to Chief Investment Officer (“CIO”) for PE&I
 Accountable for the delivery of the PE&I budget and quarterly re-forecast, in
consultation with PE&I CIOs and Business Heads. Participated in the business
planning to understand the opportunities, risks and investment landscape impacting
the business in order to provide an accurate budget/re-forecast
 Profit and loss analysis for management review / reporting. Supported senior
management with analysis and insights on financial performance against business
plans to enable informed decision-making.
 Projection and simulation of revenue and expenses for new initiatives
 Capex planning and monitoring of capex spending and IT resources supporting the
business
 Statutory financial reporting, coordination of year-end audit, liaison with external
auditors for year-end audit and tax agents, ensuring compliance with accounting and
tax regulatory requirements
2011 to 2014
Financial Reporting, GIC Real Estate Pte Ltd (“RE”) group of companies
 Supervise the monthly financial accounts closing and review accounting and
management reports for RE group of companies, which included overseas
subsidiaries in London, Japan, Korea and Shanghai
 Supervise the consolidation process and preparation of group financial statements
for year-end audit
 Liaise with external auditors, tax agents and accounting agents and ensure
compliance with accounting, tax and other regulatory requirements
 Perform cashflow projections and liaise with banks for funding requirements
 Discharge corporate secretarial responsibilities
 Develop, implement and ensure compliance of Group policies and procedures
 Identify and work on process improvement and automation opportunities
 Leading ad-hoc projects such as new system rollout to overseas entities

Key Accomplishments:
o
Oversaw the successful rollout of electronic claim and payment system to
overseas entities as the team lead
o
Core member of project team in charge of the implementation of a new
budget framework

Sep 2002 – Aug 2011

Deloitte & Touche LLP, Singapore
Audit Manager
 Led audit teams in the auditing of the following clientele (selected):



Company
United Envirotech
Limited
(SGX listed)

Industry
Water treatment

EOC Limited and its
subsidiaries
(Listed on Oslo Bors)

Owner and operator of
offshore construction,
accommodation and
floating production,
storage and offloading
vessels

Otto Marine Limited
(SGX listed)

Owner and operator of
various vessels

Huan Hsin Holdings
Limited
(SGX listed)

Manufacturer of electronic
products and components

Bunge Agribusiness
Singapore Pte Ltd

Commodity trading

Highlights
 Performed group
consolidation of more
than 10 companies
operating in China,
Taiwan and Malaysia.
 Due diligence audit
relating to dual listing
in Taiwan.
 Audits of respective
companies in
accordance with
International Financial
Reporting Standards
(“IFRS”).
 Performed group
consolidation.
 Led audit work in
relation to the Group’s
IPO preparation.
 Liaison with other
professional parties in
connection with the
IPO.
 Performed group
consolidation of more
than 15 companies
operating in China,
Taiwan and Malaysia.
 Review of audits in
China.
 Statutory audit in FRS.
 Performed conversion
from FRS to US GAAP
for reporting to
shareholder (SEC
registrant).

Awards: Special Recognition Award (2007)

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION
Chartered Accountant (CA Singapore, Non-Practicing member) as certified by Institute of Singapore Chartered
Accountants (ISCA).

EDUCATION
Jun 1999 – Jun 2002

Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
Faculty of Accountancy
 Bachelor of Accountancy with 2nd Class Honours
 Awards and Activities:
- Gold medal for Institute Varsity and Polytechnic (IVP) Taekwondo Tournament
Pattern Event 1999/2000.
- Awarded University Merit Award for Taekwondo, presented by NTU Sports and
Recreation Center to members of affiliate clubs to acknowledge their
contributions to the school and their individual clubs.
- Treasurer for National Vertical Marathon 2001 Committee.
- Group Leader of Nanyang Technological University Sports Camp Committee in
2001 and 2002.
- Business Manager for Hall Five Freshman Orientation Camp Committee.
- Programmer for NTU Hall Two Freshman Orientation Camp 2000.

Jan 1997– Dec 1998

National Junior College, Singapore
 GCE ‘A’ Levels Science Stream
 Obtained full GCE ‘A’ Levels Certificate with 4 Distinctions
 Activities: Member of the Outdoor Activities Club

Jan 1993 – Dec 1996

Cedar Girls’ Secondary School, Singapore
 GCE ‘O’ Levels Express Stream
 Obtained full GCE ‘O’ Levels Certificate with 8 distinctions
 Awards: Awarded “Edusave Scholarship” for 4 years
 Activities: Staff Sergeant, National Police Cadet Corps; Head of Administrative
Department

OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION
Software

Proficient in MS Projects and Office applications (Access, Excel, Word, Powerpoint)

Language

Proficient in written and spoken English and Chinese; Conversant in Teochew

CAREER REFEREES
Mr Kenneth Leong
Senior Vice-President, Finance
GIC Private Limited
Contact number : 9878 1803
Mr Yang Chi Chih
Audit Partner
Deloitte & Touche LLP, Singapore
Contact number : 9742 4992

