Sayed Osama Shah
Personal Details
Mobile: +65 9397 1798

Email:

osama.shah@gmail.com

Relevant Work Experience
02/2017 – present Manager at PwC (Singapore)

M&A Advisory – Analytics and modelling
Key responsibilities:
•
•

Creating performance review dashboards for PE clients to manage oversight of
portfolio entities
Financial and Commercial Due Diligence for M&A transactions in the region

08/2015 – 01/2017 Manager at PwC’s Strategy& (London)

Strategy Consulting
I delivered a range of Strategy engagements advising executives with corporate strategy,
M&A, corporate finance and transforming business operations.
Key projects and achievements:
• Nuclear Power Developer: Advised the CFO with the financial and go-to-market
strategy. Helped with developing the financial model, financing strategy, liaisons
with HM Treasury and other lenders.
• Investment Bank: Worked with the COO to develop a business case from scratch
for transforming one of the key business functions of the bank. Using projected,
NPV and other performance indicators, helped the board reach a decision on the
proposed change from applying a target operating model.
• Private Equity (sell side): Advised the Private Equity owner of the company on
valuations for the Utilities subsidiary under different scenarios including
unbundling, integrating units and divestment. This was used by the PE to decide
their exit strategy.
• Private Equity (buy side): Developed a valuation model for purchase of a
Professional Services business. The model included various scenarios, postacquisition synergies and valuation metrics which helped the CFO understand the
target’s value.
•
Infrastructure Fund (sell side): Reviewed and delivered a business case and DCF
model for the sale of investment in a European transport network under a PPP
scheme. Provided key transactional analysis and insight into various efficiency
drivers, which helped to shape the deal based on the forecast future benefits.
04/2013 – 08/2015 Manager in Transformation & Innovation, PwC (London)

Modelling and Analytics
I delivered engagements which focused on identifying efficiency gains, increasing
revenue and profitability using modelling and analytics.
Key projects and achievements:
•

•

•

Utilities & Infrastructure: Analysis and support to energy providers on quantifying
and collecting unbilled revenue. This provided visibility over outstanding debt to
the Finance teams and helped in increasing the recovery of unbilled debt.
Professional Services Firm: Used modelling and analytics to identify areas for
improving staff utilization by understanding staff capabilities and aligning that with
the business strategy. This led to significant FTE and cost savings.
Published Media: Created an industry award winning model and solution for
calculating the net audience for the UK’s published media industry.

09/2010 – 04/2013 Senior Associate in Audit and Assurance, PwC (London)

Energy, Utilities and Mining
I gained experience of auditing FTSE-100 clients, predominantly in the Energy and
Mining sector. I also contributed towards business analysis and business
development.
Key projects and achievements:
•

•

FTSE 100 Clients: As a junior manager on audit engagements, developed numerous
skills including the ability to interpret and analyze financial statements, risk analysis
and assessing internal controls.
Oil and Gas / Sovereign Wealth Funds: Involved with numerous proposals and
business development work to win and retain high profile clients. This
experience helped me develop good report writing and presentation skills.

Academic Qualifications and Professional Training
2010–2012

Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW)
Chartered Accountant (ACA) – Qualified in 2012 with first time passes.

2006 - 2010

University of Leeds
BSc. (Hon.) Accounting and Management - 4 year course including an 11 month
Business Placement with PwC - 2.1 achieved.

2007

University of Leeds
BTEC - Graduate Young Enterprise Professional.

Other Skills and interests
•

Languages:
I am fluent in English and Urdu and have basic French and Spanish skills.

•

Technical Skills:
I have advanced Excel modelling skills developed as a result of my work experience in large
modelling engagements.
I am also able to use Qlikview to develop dashboards and to harness more insight from large data
sets. I am also training on using the statistical package “R” in my spare time.

•

Other skills and interests:
I have a keen interest in entrepreneurship and business start-ups. I act as a mentor for
entrepreneurs via the PwC Social Entrepreneurs Club.
I also act as the Finance Director for one Social Enterprise on a pro-bono basis, and help by
understanding their business issues and providing them support with finance and strategy.

