Name:
Nationality:
Mobile:
E-Mail:

Jarrel Chiew
Singaporean
+65 8189 1315
jarrel.chiew@hotmail.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATION

- Proven Fund operations and financial knowledge

- 7 years experiences in Fund Adminstration with wide exposure to different fund types.
- Mathematical finance based degree with strong emphasis of stats and analysis.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Vice President

Conifer Financial Services Pte Ltd

Nov 2014 till Current

- Setup Securities Masters/Pricing team in Singapore to provide round the clock
coverage for the firm. Extensive securities setup/pricing knowledge.
- Oversees team of 10 accountants ensuring smooth monthly NAV/Financials
deliveries for funds total of 10 Billion USD worth in assets.

- Compliance checks to ensure investment manager adhere to investment guidelines.
AVP/Accounts manager
Citco Singapore Pte Ltd

Nov 2011 till Nov 2014

- Lead a daily NAV team of 12 serving strategic clients for a total of 20 Billion USD
AUM with challenging deadlines. Ensuring all funds are in compliance of IFRS and
AIFMD

- Multiple projects management, attached to 6 different teams to train/advise them on
new client for complex and high volume funds.
- Exposure of securities includes wide range of products including complex
swaps/exotic OTC options that require setup/valuation analysis.

- Increased efficiency within the department by setting up multiple excel macros to
streamline processes ( i.e automate customised reporting) and control checks

Senior Fund Accountant

CitiBank N.A Singapore Branch

June 2011 till Nov 2011
1

- Worked on offshore Pension fund and financials in Chinese.
RBC Dexia Investor Services Singapore/ Malaysia

Nov 2009 till June 2011

- Part of migration project team in Kuala Lumpur. One of 3 trainers to migrate and
setup team of 20 with mostly fresh graduates in 12 months.
- Migration of more than 160 Luxemburg UCIT funds moving operation from
Singapore to Malaysia.
- Served Asia clients with monthly financial statements reporting in Chinese.

EDUCATION

University of Adelaide, Australia

Bachelor of Finance(Quantitative) Degree( Distinction average)

- Member of Golden key honors society (top 10% academic) during university as a mark
of excellent university grades.
IT SKILLS

Advanced : MS Excel (Basic VBA)

Competent : MS Words,MS Powerpoint, Bloomberg, Aexeo,Geneva and Multifond.
Basic

: Matlab, C++, SAS, R and Stata.

References available upon request.

2

