GARTH HARKINS
Address:
5 Anthony Rd, Orchard Scotts Residences, Singapore 229954
Contacts:
Phone: +65 8264 8156
Email: garth_harkins@yahoo.com
Australian citizenship with a Dependent’s Pass application providing ability to work in
Singapore with a Letter of Consent.

Industrious accountant with 10 years’ experience in a range of listed companies. Strong technical
knowledge, CPA and practical implementation experience of improvement initiatives for financial
services and property industry. Full finance and treasury function responsibility. Management of
small teams and project groups.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

September 2014 – June 2017
Propertylink
Financial Controller
Summary of responsibilities
Full finance and treasury function. Management reporting for investment mandates in excess of
$1 Billion in asset value. Statutory financial statements, income tax returns, opinion papers,
accounting policies and key point of contact for external audits. Management of 4 finance staff.
Achievements


Halved monthly management reporting timeframe. Actively engaged and managed
internal and external property and finance team members to improve the detailed
information provided in the financial and property reporting packs.



Initiated commercial assessment of the treasury function which saved 15bps in interest
margin. Halved FX execution margin. Added caps and swaptions to our hedging solution.



Reviewed the corporate entity structure and achieved a saving of over 30% in indirect
property taxes by working with executive management and investment management
team to implement a corporate restructure across several state jurisdictions.



Partnering with the property team lead to an improvement in the tax depreciation
expense of 11%, capital expenditure forecast plans and replacement cost assessments
achieving a return on investment of greater than 10X.



Writing of technical opinion papers to support accounting policies and presentation in the
statutory accounts on AASB 116, 117 & 140.

May 2014 – September 2014 (3 month contract)
Unitywater
Senior Financial Accountant
Summary of responsibilities
Technical expert on implementation of AASB 13 Fair Value for first time disclosure in the Annual
Report. Valuation of stock and recognition policies for assets and depreciation.
Achievements


Solution for recognition of capital expenditure or repairs by field teams which covered
95% of all works undertaken. This reduced the amount of wasted time and rework by field
teams, management accountants and asset accountants on 100s of P1 jobs.



Opinion papers on AASB 13 Fair Value, stock valuation, asset recognition, accelerated
depreciation and write-off and asset useful lives.

July 2013 – April 2014
Studying MBA at University of WA

January 2012 – June 2013
Superannuation Auditors
Audit Manager
Summary of responsibilities
Completion of Audit programs for SMSFs in accordance with Superannuation Industry
(Supervision) Regulations, Accounting Standards and ATO Tax Rulings and Determinations.
Internal control engagements for large clients. Written advice for accounting practices and SMSFs
on legislation interpretation and practical implementation. Management of junior staff
Achievements:


Improved internal controls for large SMSF administrators and subsidiaries of major
Australian financial institutions. Eliminated false positive data integrity checks within the
software suite for 1000s of SMSFs resulting in accurate and timely financial reporting.



Built, managed and fostered a team orientated environment by explaining, reviewing and
rectifying professional and data management tasks via process mapping removal of time
traps and elevation of capacity constraints.



Writing of professional advice on income tax consequences for SMSF for accounting
practices and national publications including the Australian Financial Review.

March 2010 - December 2011
Green Cross Capital
Financial Controller & Company Secretary
Summary of responsibilities
Full finance function. Statutory financial statements, monthly financial and board reports and key
person for the external and AFSL audits. AFSL liquidity and solvency reports, company secretarial,
minutes, circular resolutions and ASIC lodgements. Management of 3 staff.
Achievements:


Improved the financial reporting process to include business unit budgets, forecasts and
commentary and reduced the monthly reporting timeframe by 3 days.



Operational and financial due diligence of several distressed financial services businesses,
taking into account the potential business synergies, operational, legal and taxation
requirements.



Negotiation leadership and successful acquisition of 50% of a JV entity.

October 2008 – January 2010
Westpac
Project Accountant
Summary of responsibilities
Consolidated and individual Statutory Accounts for entities within the Westpac Banking Group.
APRA returns for 3 Insurance entities. Transition of financial and management reporting within
wealth management from St George to Westpac Banking Group during their merger.
Achievements:


Successful integration of St George Bank Wealth entities including the Asgard Group into
the Westpac Wealth Platform within one of Australia's largest financial services
transformation projects. Resulting in cost savings for the merged entity and operational
and financial information from one electronic data warehouse.



Process-mapping, accounting system transfer testing, training of new staff and
information system integration across multiple physical locations and IT infrastructures
resulting in reduced costs and reporting timeframes.



Team management of local and outsourced overseas staff which required review of
month end processes, group reporting requirements, and integration of changes to the
financial year end model for each individual legal entity. Allowing local staff to analyse
and provide solutions on critical issues for business units.

June 2008 – August 2008 (3 month contract)
Energy Australia
Senior Financial Accountant


Prepare Statutory Accounts for the external audit engagement evaluation, updating and
revision of intangible valuation model, and employee entitlement provisions.

March 2008 – June 2008 (3 month contract)
Intercontinental Hotel Group
Senior Financial Accountant


Prepare Consolidated and individual Statutory Accounts for Asia Pacific legal entities.
Evaluation of Foreign Exchange calculations and reporting.

November 2007 – February 2008 (3 month contract)
Goodman International
Senior Financial Accountant


Prepare Consolidated Statutory Accounts and reporting as a stapled entity. Management
of several separate international accounting teams within Asia and Europe.

EDUCATION

Masters of Business Administration
University of Western Australia
Anticipated completion 2017 - Distinction average
Founded Global Consulting Group UWA - Management Consulting for the not-for-profit sector.
High Distinctions in - Managerial Finance, Marketing, and Organisational Behaviour.
CPA Program
Completed 2005 - Distinction average
Bachelor of Commerce
University of New South Wales
Accounting and Business Law Double Major
Completed 2000
The Scots College, Bellevue Hill, NSW
SYSTEMS

YARDI, Oracle, SAP, TM1, Technology One & MYOB

