Khoo Chong Wee
PERSONAL DETAILS
Contact No.:
Email:

+65 8569 6702
khoochongwee@yahoo.com

Nationality:
Availability:

Malaysian (Singapore Permanent Resident)
Immediate

OBJECTIVE
To transition into a finance managerial role within the commercial sector by leveraging on extensive
background in financial reporting gained as an audit manager with Big 4 firms.
SUMMARY
 Audit manager with 10 years of experience and specialise in financial services, oil and gas, construction
and manufacturing industries.
 Experienced in SFRS, IFRS, MFRS as well as compliance and regulatory reporting for banks and Capital
Markets Services license holders.
 Versatile professional who is hands-on and adept at leading audit teams to meet tight deadlines. Equally
comfortable in a team or individual contributor role.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Deloitte Singapore - Audit Manager

December 2013 to December 2016

 Manage a portfolio of financial services clients and prioritise multiple deadlines by managing different
audit teams and adopting a hands-on approach as required.
 Identify material risks and key internal controls relating to financial statement audits and design
appropriate audit procedures to address each risk.
 Review financial statements of the client to ensure compliance with relevant accounting standards
(SFRS/IFRS).
 Review the compliance of the client with regulatory requirements of the Monetary Authority of Singapore
for banks and Capital Markets Services Licence holders.
 Analyse the financial performance of the client and identify reasons for significant variances.
 Liaise with client senior management to communicate and resolve any significant issues identified.
 Review the work of audit teams and coach junior staffs on the technical aspects of the job.
 Key clients:
- Banks
- Interdealer brokers
- Private equity
- Trust company

: Bank of Baroda, Asean Finance Corporation and MUFJ Securities Asia
: Tullett Prebon (Singapore) and PVM Oil Associates
: Standard Chartered IL&FS Asia Infrastructure Growth Fund Company
: SG Trust (Asia)

KPMG (Malaysia) - Audit Manager

January 2013 to November 2013

 Manage a portfolio of clients from various industries like manufacturing, oil and gas, construction and
property development, FMCG and software development.
 Identify material risks and key internal controls relating to financial statement audits and design
appropriate audit procedures to address each risk.
 Present audit procedures and findings to the audit committee of the client listed on Bursa Malaysia.
 Analyse the financial performance of the client and identify reasons for significant variances.

Khoo Chong Wee
 Review financial statements of the client to ensure compliance with relevant accounting standards
(MFRS/IFRS).
 Liaise with client senior management to communicate and resolve any significant issues identified.
 Review the work of audit teams and coach junior staffs on the technical aspects of the job.
 Key clients:
- Construction and property development
- Oil and gas
- Manufacturing
- Others

: Loh & Loh Corporation
: SapuraKencana Drilling Tioman
: Genetech Technology (listed) and KLK OLEO
: Crabtree & Evelyn (FMCG) and EXACT (software)

KPMG (Malaysia) - Audit Assistant Manager

May 2008 to December 2012

 In charge of audit engagements for clients within financial services, logistics and oil and gas industries.
 Identify significant audit issues and ensure timely updates to engagement manager and partner.
 Review the internal controls over significant business processes of the client.
 Analyse the financial performance of the client and identify reasons for significant variances.
 Key clients:
- Banks
- Oil and gas
- Logistics

: Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia and Standard Chartered Saadiq
: SapuraKencana Drilling Tioman and TH Heavy Engineering (listed)
: CEVA Logistics (Malaysia)

Crowe Horwath (Malaysia) - Audit Associate

August 2006 to April 2008

 In charge of the audit of companies involved in trading, investment holding, manufacturing and oil palm
plantation.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)
 Obtained qualification in December 2007 and been a member since June 2011
Bachelor of Science in Applied Accounting [2nd Class Honours (Lower Division)] from Oxford
Brookes University
 Obtained in July 2005
Certified Accounting Technician (CAT)
 Obtained in June 2002
MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION
IT Skills
- Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint
- SQL (basic)
Language proficiency
- English (speak and write fluently)
- Bahasa Malaysia (speak and write fluently)
- Mandarin (speak only)

