LAU ENG HOOI
#07-38, 30 UPPER SERANGOON VIEW | SINGAPORE 534208
TEL: 8158 6764 | EMAIL: lauenghooi@gmail.com | NATIONALITY: MALAYSIAN (SINGAPORE PR)

PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE

Audit Manager
Deloitte & Touche LLP
Deloitte & Touche New York

July 2013 – present
November 2014 – May 2015

I specialises in the fund management sector and have extensive experience gained from
the audits of both funds and fund managers. I have been the manager-in-charge of a
US$5 billion private real estate fund, reporting under US GAAP, since its inception in
2013, till present. I have therefore led my team through the full span of a fund’s life
cycle, from inception and drawdowns, to investing and valuation, to divestment and
distributions, including carry distributions. I also manage the onshore portfolio real
estate investee companies and offshore SPVs audit for the fund family. These report
under SFRS/IFRS, and number about 30-40 in any given year. I can therefore say I have
strong experience in all aspects of fund financial reporting and handling large reporting
volumes.
Besides real estate funds, I have also audited private equity funds, venture capital funds,
infrastructure funds, and hedge funds, as well as the related fund managers, including
those regulated under the SFA.
In addition to my primary role as audit manager within the financial services sector,
another current aspect of my role is providing accounting technical support to nonfinancial sector companies’ audits. For example, every quarter, I review the hedges of a
SGX-listed company to provide clearance for hedge accounting in accordance financial
instrument standards IAS39/FRS 39 and IFRS 9/FRS 109. I have therefore deep
technical knowledge of the accounting standards, especially those relating to investment
entities and financial instruments.
Other major audits that I have handled as manager-in-charge includes: a SGX-listed
stockbroker, a wholesale bank, commodity trading firm. Besides audit, I have also led
other significant projects such as regulatory compliance advisory, MAS inspection
remediation review, and accounting advisory.
Audit Assistant Manager
Deloitte & Touche LLP

July 2012 – June 2013

Audit Senior
Deloitte & Touche LLP

July 2011 – June 2012

Audit Assistant
Deloitte & Touche LLP

December 2009 – June 2011

ACHIEVEMENTS

I have consistently achieve the top two rating bands in my firms since I was an associate.
As part of my professional development, I worked in the Deloitte New York firm for an
entire peak period, during which I worked on the audit of a Fortune 500 investment
manager. I also passed Level 3 of the CFA exams in 2013.

OBJECTIVES

I am open to roles which would further my professional development as a financial
reporting and accounting specialist within the investment management sector.

SELECTED
CLIENTS

Blackstone, Singtel, UOB-Kay Hian, Mitsui, UniCredit

MEMBERSHIPS

ACCA Member (February 2013)
ISCA Member (July 2015)

EDUCATION

London School of Economics
MSc Risk and Stochastics, Distinction

2008 – 2009

National University of Singapore
BSc Mathematics, First Class Honours

2004 – 2008

LANGUAGES

English, Mandarin, Cantonese, Malay

