Igor E.
Singapore
Audit Manager-Financial Service/Asset Management

Summary
I have more than 6 years of experience in providing assurance services to a wide range of clients
including asset management companies, real estate investment trusts, UCITS fund and Cayman
Islands Monetary Authority (CIMA) registered funds (trust and company structure, master/feeder
and stand-alone). I have extensive experience in the application of IFRS, SFS, Luxembourg GAAP,
German GAAP US GAAP.
I am also involved in conducting regulatory compliance reviews for financial institutions, with a focus
on reviewing asset management companies’ compliance with the applicable local and overseas
regulatory requirements.
I would describe myself as a very determined and highly motivated person. I do take my job seriously
but I’m able to see things in perspective and believe I’m quite easy-going to work with. I’m an optimist
rather than a pessimist – but I’m also a realist and I cope well when the going gets tough; I’m very
good at finding solutions to problems. Above all, I would say I’m a positive and enthusiastic person –
and I relish a challenge.

Experience
Audit Manager at PwC Singapore
July 2014 - Present (2 years 10 months)
Financial Service/Asset Management
Responsible for a portfolio of audit clients (Unit Trust, Hedge Funds, Private Equity, Fund Manager,
Investment Company)
-Conducting audit engagement under the relevant GAA/GAAS
-Perform compliance review of licensed Fund Manager (RFMC, LFMC)
-Budgeting and determination of resource requirements
-Billing and iPower management
-Organising engagement partner and quality review partner meetings for both planning and
completion stages of the audit.
- Appraisals for staff members – setting objectives at planning stage and completion of appraisals
once audit is finalised

- Review of client audit files – planning through to completion, incorporating review of financial
statements in line with relevant GAAP and GAAS.
- Drafting board reports, engagement letters and audit representation letters.
- Developing client relationship with fund manager.
- Liaison in relation to planning of cross funds work with lead manager on relevant service provider.
- Manage requirements of staff/timing of job
Team Manager / Ambassador at PricewaterhouseCoopers - Service Delivery Center (PwC SDC)
October 2014 - February 2015 (5 months)
Financial Services/Asset Management
Clients: Hedge Fund, Unit Trust
- Coached, train and develop auditing staff to upgrade their knowledge in Asset Management
- Managed a team of 8-10 people during the daily work
- Provided additional help and guidance to team members
- Achieved team and individual budgets and business plan/ performance objectives.
- Managed project financials, including budgets, WIPS, timely billing and collection and variance
recognition.
- Maintained the highest technical and professional standard.
- Liased with overseas Engagement Teams
Senior Audit Associate at PwC Singapore
November 2012 - June 2014 (1 year 8 months)
Financial Services/Asset Management
Clients - Hedge Fund, Unit Trust, licensed Fund Manager, Investment Company
As a key member of our Core Audit Team,
- Examine financial and accounting records, other documents, and tangible items such as plant and
equipment or watching certain processes or procedures being performed
- Test the organization's internal controls - make judgments on significant estimates or
assumptions that management made when they prepared the financial report
- Compliance review of licensed fund manager
- Appraisel of junior staff members
Senior Audit Associate at PwC Luxembourg
September 2009 - October 2012 (3 years 2 months)
Financial Services/Asset Management
As a key member of our Core Audit Team,
Clients - UCITS Funds (FCP, SICAV), Fund Manager under Lux GAAP

- examine financial and accounting records, other documents, and tangible items such as plant and
equipment or watching certain processes or procedures being performed -test some of the organization's internal controls - make judgments on significant estimates or
assumptions that management made when they prepared the financial report
- Appraisel of junior staff members
Consulting Intern at R&C International Lawyers
September 2007 - February 2008 (6 months)
- Support the Manager during the daily business
- Liase with German client in South Africa
Logistics at Bosch
September 2005 - February 2006 (6 months)
- Coordinate and adminstrate taks in respect the transport of products to the US subsidiaries/
clients

Education

ACCA
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), Accounting and Finance, 2011 - 2014
University of Applied Sciences Hof
Master’s Degree, Accounting and Finance, 2004 - 2009
Stellenbosch University/Universiteit Stellenbosch
Abroad studies, International Business, 2006 - 2007
Activities and Societies: International Marking International Business International Human Rescource

Igor E.
Singapore
Audit Manager-Financial Service/Asset Management

Profile Notes and Activity (3)
4/3/2017—View by Ayyaz Ahmad
4/3/2017—InMail sent by Ayyaz Ahmad ({1})
4/3/2017—Status set to "@@system.status.replied" for "AVP SVP - PE Fund" by

