TOH CHUN HIAN
20 Upper Serangoon View #14-18 ▪ Singapore 534203
NRIC: S9046022F ▪ Mobile: 96613558 ▪ Email : chtoh90@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE:
Seeking a position as a professional in the finance and investment industry to further
develop and utilise my skills and knowledge to the fullest in a dynamic firm that offers
rewarding learning opportunities and challenging responsibilities.

EDUCATION
Jan 2013 to Nov 2014
Apr 2007 to Mar 2010
Jan 2003 to Dec 2006

Bachelor of Business (Accountancy) with distinction,
RMIT University – SIM
Diploma in Accountancy (with Merit), Singapore
Polytechnic
GCE ‘O’ Level (L1R5: 9), Catholic High School

WORK EXPERIENCE
SS&C Private Equity Services, (Full-time employment)
Assistant Manager, Oct 2016 to Present
Key Accomplishments and Competencies:
 Designed various allocation reports and analysis to accurately determine the Fund’s
NAV at end of Fund’s life, resolved historic differences since Fund’s inception and
reconciled the NAV to each limited partner’s capital balance.
 Analysed Treasury reports for sources and uses of cash, projected and ensured the
availability of net cash for investment activities and distributions to investors.
 Prepared computations for capital calls and distributions, updated distribution
waterfall model in accordance to Limited Partnership Agreement, reviewed investors’
notices, and coordinated the process between investors, Funds’ custodian bank and
leverage provider.
 Daily review of bank reconciliations to ensure timely detection and correction of any
errors or irregularities.
 Prepared Funds’ financial statements (GAAP) on quarterly and annual basis,
reviewed partners’ capital accounts quarterly, prepared and reviewed various
supporting financial and investment schedules including the financials of underlying
Special Purpose Vehicles.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, (Full-time employment)
Audit Senior Associate, Sept 2012 to Oct 2016
 Participated in overseas audit in United States for extended period of time.
 Engaged in statutory audit of sovereign wealth fund, including review of investments
relating to real estates and investments in loans, review of investment agreements,
and review of various derivative financial instruments (swaps) to ensure adherence
to proper statutory and accounting principles.
 Reviewed and audited Net Asset Value of various investments, including owned
properties, listed and unlisted corporates, and unlisted property funds.
 Researched and analysed the market trends and movements in property markets and
real estate funds, to ensure that the change in valuations of the investments were in
line with the market trends of the specific geographic locations, and investigate
performance deviations from market trends.









Other audit engagements include the world’s largest Swiss watch-maker and retailer
Group, local-leading architecture firm, several multinational companies based in
Singapore involved in the business activities of IT systems and telecommunications,
trading of electronic automatic control equipments, and trading of steel products.
Evaluated operating effectiveness of companies’ internal controls relating to their
business processes and recommended areas of improvement.
Analysed financial information and data to identify trends and investigate anomalies
Identified key financial and operating issues relating to the business and proposed
recommendations to management.
Drafted and prepared audited financial statements and reports for review by
managers and directors
Corresponded with clients and clarified any discrepancies in the transactions or/and
accounts.

Key Accomplishments and Competencies:
 Entrusted to lead audit engagements and assist to mentor and coach junior staffs.
 Developed a comprehensive and analytical knowledge of the relationship between
the different elements within financial statements.
 Developed a strong ability to build and invest in client relationship with the audit
clients.
 Possess an analytical and methodical mindset when met with challenges.
 Possess a proactive attitude in work, able to work independently and together as
part of a team.
 Capable of undertaking challenging assignments and completing them within
deadlines with minimal supervision and errors.

ACHIEVEMENTS



Obtained an overall ‘High Performance’ rating during employment with PwC.
Honed valuable time management skill by managing between full-time employment
in PwC and attaining satisfactory results from part-time University education.

SKILLS
Leadership Skills
 Regularly plan and conduct audit engagements with seniors and managers.
 Ability to identify problems and implement solutions, motivate and lead fellow
colleagues in a team working environment.
Interpersonal Skills
 Ability to display commitment and understanding of the various clients’ needs and
develop client relationship management skills.
 Ability to clearly and concisely communicate information verbally and in writing, to
individuals and groups including clients and colleagues from overseas and local
offices during employment with PwC, and deliver presentations suited to the needs of
the audience to ensure that they understand the information.
I.T. Skills
 Proficient with Microsoft Word and Excel, Investran accounting system, the use of
Lotus Note and Outlook.
Language Skills
 Proficient in written and spoken English, Chinese.

