James David Keith Howes. CA, B.Bus
Details
Nationality
Email

Australian
James.howes70@gmail.com

Visa Status
Contact Details

Singapore PR
+65 97371338

Professional Profile
I have over 18 years experience within the Banking and Hedge Fund industries working within the Finance,
Operations, Trader Support and Risk Management teams as a Project Manager as well as in line roles.

Education
Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia admitted as an Associate in 1996. Major in Taxation.
Queensland University of Technology Bachelor of Business – Accountancy, Completed June 1992
Anglican Church Grammar School, Senior Certificate 1984 - 1987

Employment History Detailed
Tokai Tokyo Investment Management Singapore Pte Ltd
Head of Operation and Compliance Manager

Sept 2013 to Present

TTIMS is a Singapore based Hedge Fund Management Company that is 100% owned by Tokai Tokyo
Financial Holdings a USD 1.3 Billion market capitalisation company listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
TTIMS manages a Multi-Strat Delta Neutral Long Short Japanese Equity Fund as well as an Asian Focus
Fund of Funds. Approximate AUM of 110 Million USD. As Head of Operations and Compliance Manager
I am responsible for the following functions;
 All operations functions including - Trade and Position Reconciliations, Corporate Actions, Trade
Settlement, Cash & Margin Management and daily P&L production;
 Fund Accounting & Fund Financial Statements
 Trading and Risk Management Systems
 Compliance and Regulatory. (TTIMS is a CMS Licence Holder)
 Risk Management framework and procedures as Chairman of the Risk Committee.
 Daily Market Risk Monitoring.
 Investor relations.
 Funds Corporate Secretarial.
 Manage Operations Team. 3 Staff
Managing the relationship with the following counterparties;
 External Auditors.
 Internal Auditors (outsourced to external providers)
 Software Vendors.
 Fund Administrators.
 Prime Brokers.
The Long Short fund is Japan focused and trades Cash Equities, Listed Single Stock Options and Listed
Index Futures and Options.

JPM Chase Bank

Vice President - Finance

Mar 2010 to Sept 2013

Working within the Asia Finance Project Management Office as the lead PM supporting the Global
Strategic Reengineering Program (SRP) an initiative within the Investment Bank Division charged with
rationalising the Risk Management Systems used across all of the Trading Businesses. Primary
responsibility is to coordinate across the Asia Finance community to ensure strong engagement in all our
locations for each SRP work stream. Also acting as a conduit for all SRP project managers into Finance as
well as interfacing Finance across other functional groups (Middle Office, Back Office, Legal and
Compliance and Risk). Multiple projects across all lines of business and Product Classes, tasks including

James David Keith Howes. CA, B.Bus







Project Risk Identification, mitigation and or escalation,
Issue management and resolution,
Monitor and reporting of progress to Senior management as well as other ad hoc project reporting,
Coordinating multi project work streams resource requirements across Finance teams,
Liaising with IT Department and individual System teams to coordinating the full Project lifecycle
(Project scope to final migration).
Managed a team of 4 Junior Project Managers located across Asia.

Decus Capital Management

Chief Operating Officer

Oct 2007 to Feb 2010

Decus was a Singapore based Hedge Fund Management Company; as Chief Operating Officer for the
management company, I was responsible for the Design, Implementation and ongoing management of the
following functions;
 Market Risk Management
 All operations functions including - Trade and Position Reconciliations, Corporate Actions,
Settlement, Cash Management and P&L
 Fund Accounting (Monthly and Yearly)
 IT – Management of the IT infrastructure and the Trading and Risk Management Systems and
vendor management.
 Legal and Compliance
 Management of Local Tax and Regulatory requirements.
The fund traded in Cash Equities, Equity Derivatives, Listed Futures and Options (over Exchange Indexes),
Spot and some Fwd FX contracts as well as equity swaps. Markets covered included US, HK, Thailand,
Australia and Singapore.

Komodo Capital
Management

Chief Operating Officer

Oct 2006 to Oct 2007

Komodo was a Singapore based Hedge Fund Management Company; I was Chief Operating Officer at the
fund from the date the fund launched with 20 Million USD AUM until the fund reached 35 Million. I was
responsible for the Design, Implementation and ongoing management of the following functions:
 Market Risk Management
 All operations functions including - Trade and Position Reconciliations, Settlement, Cash
Management and P&L. Including managing Operations Team. 1 Staff.
 Fund Accounting
 Investor Relations
 IT – including email, system security, network and the Trading and Risk Management Systems
and vendor management.
 Management of Local Tax and Regulatory requirements.
 All non-trading staff
 As well as general office management
The fund had two main books being the Equity Arbitrage / Fair Value book and the Macro Book,
instruments traded included listed cash equities, equity derivatives, listed futures and Options (over
Exchange Indexes), Spot and some Fwd FX contracts as well as equity swaps across the US, HK, Japan,
Korea, Thailand, India, Malaysia, Australia and Singapore.

JPM Chase Bank

Project Manager

Sept 2004 to Sept 2006

As lead Project Manager on the Asia Pacific roll out of the new Financial Accounting system Oracle within
the Investment Banking businesses for Australia, Singapore, Japan and Hong Kong sites. I was responsible
for coordinating of the Design, Implementation and ongoing management of the following functions:
 Project Scope
 UAT design and planning
 Conversion and Go live Weekend design and Planning
 Monitor and reporting of progress to Senior management
 Project Risk Identification and mitigation.

James David Keith Howes. CA, B.Bus
 Issue management and resolution
 Group communication.
The project was a 14 month project from initial scope definition to a staged deployment over 4 sites,
including requirements gathering, Development testing, UAT and managing a parallel run with the legacy
system before going live.
The project was divided into two separate teams being the end users consisting of Financial Control,
Product Control and Product Systems and the second team the “Deployment Team” consisting of the
Oracle developers, IT hardware and programmers. I managed the end user team of between 8 to 16 people
depending on the site and was the primary contact point between the end users (Financial Control and
Product Control) and the deployment teams.

Macquarie Bank

Senior Business Analyst Operations

Feb 2000 to August 2004

I worked as part of a team implementing an Equity Derivatives position keeping and risk management
system called Imagine for the Equity Derivatives Group within Macquarie Bank. This was implemented in
their 3 main business units HK, Sydney and Global. November 2000 to August 2004.
I was part of the team responsible for the Design, Implementation and ongoing management of the
following functions:
 System reporting structure,
 Legal and Taxation compliance,
 Cash Management,
 Trade Settlement and reconciliation,
 Daily operational process and procedures,
 Corporate Action management
This involved mapping the “As Is” processes, collecting the requirements, designing the new processes and
as well as managing the gap builds, UA Testing, designing and managing a parallel run with the legacy
system before going live. Mainly focusing on the Operations (Middle and Back Office functions)
Products covered by Imagine were as follows.
 Cash Equities
 Listed Warrants (Bank Issued)
 OTC Equity Derivatives (Bank Issued)
 Stock Borrow
 FX Spot, FWDs and OTC Derivatives
 Cash
Other Projects whilst at Macquarie Bank.
 Bank wide Goods and Services Tax (GST) Implementation Project, Feb 2000 to Sept 2000
This was a full time role preparing the Treasury and Commodities (T&C) division within
Macquarie Bank for the implementation of the GST in Australian on July 1st 2001. Covering the
system and procedural changes required for the 8 T&C financial control teams to be compliant
with the new monthly reporting for the Australian Tax Office.
 Bank wide Budget review Process and Corporate Reporting Process Review Sept 2000 to
Oct 2000
Both these two projects were for the Financial Operations Division at Macquarie Bank, reviewing
internal procedures mapping the “as is” processes, identifying efficiencies and recommending
more any possible automated / streamlined processes. Many quick fixed were identified and
implemented and longer-term automation was subsequently implemented.
 Equity Derivatives Trading System Evaluation project. Nov 2000
This project was to evaluate the suitability of two short listed Risk and Position Keeping systems
for the Equity Derivatives Group within Macquarie Bank. This project involved gathering
requirements from user groups followed by initial suitability testing of both systems before
reporting these findings to senior management

West LB

Business Analyst,

Aug 1997 to April 1999

James David Keith Howes. CA, B.Bus
Treasury Operations & Systems Developments Team, responsible for the following projects and initiatives,
 Euro Conversion Compliance Project team
Part of a 4 person team that prepared the Treasury Operations teams and systems for the Euro
Conversion Dec 1998. Testing and implementing 3 rd party software suppliers Euro Conversion
Fixes. Designing and managing the protocols for the conversion weekend.
 Design and Implementation of operational process within the FX Middle Office team.
I worked with management and line staff to streamline daily processes P&L, Position Recs, Cash
Recs and daily close.
 Design and Implementation of Cash Management process and procedures.
Oversaw the implementation of a cash reconciliation process and inter desk funding reconciliation
process across the Middle Office, Back Offices and IT support teams.

Clark and Associates

Senior Accountant

January 1996 to March
1997

Responsibilities included financial accounting, Taxation, Corporate Structural and Business services for the
following client types, Companies, Superannuation Funds, Family Trusts, and Individual.

Chotais Accountant

Senior Accountant

March 2004 to January
1996

Responsibilities included financial accounting, Taxation, Corporate Structural and Business services for the
following client types, Companies, Superannuation Funds, Family Trusts, and Individual.

Horwarth and Horwarth

Graduate Accountant

Entry levels financial accounting and taxation work.

July 1992 to December 1993

