MY PROFILE

BOTHINI NAVANEETHAN
Block 171, #03-05, Upper East Coast Road, 455273 Singapore.
Contact no.: +65 9036 0423; Nationality: Malaysian/Singapore PR
Email: bothini_n@hotmail.com
Linkedin: https://sg.linkedin.com/in/bothini-navaneethan-8a849926

OBJECTIVE
To obtain further experience in leadership and management skills and continuously challenge
myself in a fast growing technical environment
WORK EXPERIENCE 2
StateStreet, Singapore
Date joined:
2016 to present
Position:
Alternative Investment Solution, Officer (REIT)
Roles and responsibility:
➢ Manage and maintain day-to-day communications with the clients, other client personnel, investors, attorneys, auditors, bankers etc.
➢ Engage in the thorough review and understanding of investment fund legal documents,
including complete understanding of partnership allocations and distribution waterfall
➢ Ensure monthly and quarterly client deliverables are meet
➢ Perform variance analysis to explain significant movements from quarter to quarter. Review quarterly and annual financial work papers including portfolio schedules, accruals,
partner capital allocations, investment MTM valuation and allocation, and tax work paper
packages.
➢ During the course of normal day to day operation, responsible for identifying any unusual
or potentially suspicious transaction activity and must report and/or escalate in accordance with corporate policy and guidelines detailed in relevant operating procedures.
➢ Review limited partnership agreements and offering memorandums and ensure compliance with operational and accounting procedures
➢ Coordination of annual audit and tax return preparation with external accounting firms
➢ Undertake full review of calculation and verbiage on Limited Partner capital calls and distributions.
➢ Undertake full review of accounting work paper packages, fees calculations, financial
statements and other reports and communications to Limited Partners
➢ Review quarterly management fee, MTM valuation computations, waterfall, capital account calculations.
➢ Update the operational and accounting procedures for team reference and guidance
➢ Integrate new business/client on boarding
➢ Review periodic billing and debtors cycle and responsible for the issuance and collection
of fees

Specific achievements:
i. Being a new hire in StateStreet, I successfully lead a whole new team to provide services to
the largest client of the company with a portfolio of AUM worth USD3.5billion assisted by 5 direct reports.
ii. Involved in the creation and enhancement of processes and procedures specific to the client
requirements
iii. I was the key contact person for the client and third parties such as auditors, company secretary, etc.
iv. Involved in the discussion with higher management to identify the need for resources and the
most effective resource utilisation
WORK EXPERIENCE 1
Ernst & Young LLP
Date joined:
2009 to 2016
Position:
Manager
Industries involved:
Funds/asset management, investment entities, investment holding entities(consolidation), construction and property development (real estate), food and beverage, statutory board (governments), accommodation rigs, education and retail
Roles and responsibility:
➢ Handle various auditing tasks and ad-hoc assignments which include planning and
project managing the audit engagements.
➢ Report writing for audit committee and management.
➢ Lead multiple teams to perform statutory audit engagements of listed group of companies including coaching and guiding senior and junior staffs, reporting directly to a few
partners at once.
➢ Liaise closely with the clients/management of the companies under review to ensure the
audit issues raised are discussed and solved, acting as a representative of the firm. This
includes providing additional guidance to clients on a consultancy basis, when needed.
➢ Ensuring the compliance of projects with international auditing standards and international financial reporting standards such as US GAAP, IFRS, MFRS and SFRS.
➢ Project managing more than 10 audit projects at one time (current portfolio value is S
$1.2 million, not inclusive of the Initial Public Offering exercise and Agreed Upon Procedures performed).
➢ Ensuring that the team and individual budgets are achieved and identified areas to improve efficiency.
➢ Manage project financials, including budgets, WIPS, timely billing and collection and
variance recognition.
Additional experiences:
➢ Involvement in Initial Public Offering engagements.
➢ Providing training and facilitating classroom training and activities to staff, seniors and
fellow managers on new tool implementation and auditing programs.
➢ Organising departmental events (i.e. Group trips, group social gatherings, team building
events and internal trainings).
➢ Involvement in Initial Public Offering engagement, in stage of preparation and review of
the Accountants’ Report.

SKILLS
Technical skills:
Languages:

Advance in MS Office, including Power Point, Word, Excel, Outlook, Oracle,
Investran
Proficient in written and spoken English and Malay

TERTIARY ACHIEVEMENTS AND PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) Member

January 2014

Degree in Applied Accounting from Oxford Brookes University
- 1st Class Honour

September 2005 – April
2008

Eligible for MIA/ISCA (Application submission pending)

2013/2014

REFERENCE
Mr. Philip Ng (Partner)
Ernst & Young LLP, Singapore
Contact no: +65 9842 6205
Email address: philip.ng@sg.ey.com

Ms. Celyn Chan (Vice President)
StateSteet, Singapore
Email address: CChan6@statestreet.com

