Yeo Kang Nian

Mobile: + 65 93666950 Email: yeokangnian@gmail.com
Linkedin Profile: https://sg.linkedin.com/in/kang-nian-yeo-1a260924

SUMMARY
Kang Nian is a CPA with over 11 years of experience in budgeting and forecasting, financial planning, analytics, accounting,
consultancy, project management experience and investment financing across various sectors of which approximately 3.5 years
was in Japan. He is commercially astute and is operationally hands on without losing sight of the big picture.
He is currently working as a VP - Finance in L Capital Asia, a private equity arm of LVMH group. He has financed over USD
700m of investments in iconic brands such as Crystal Jade, Dr Wu, Marubi, 2XU, Seafolly, RM Williams, etc. In his course of
work, he has oversight of portfolio monitoring, validate the valuation of each of the company, fund administration, setting up
of fund structures. Prior to that, he worked for Commerzbank (Singapore), leading the management reporting/financial planning
and analysis team for Asia. Before that, he was working for Deutsche Bank (Japan) as an AVP – Cost Analytics.
He has previously achieved a global CFO award with Deutsche Bank for cost reduction and operational efficiency proposal.
He is effectively bilingual in Mandarin and English with Japanese conversational skills. Kang Nian is currently taking a parttime EMBA from Nanyang Technological University and is expected to graduate in 2017.

EXPERIENCE
L Capital Singapore Pte Ltd. (Private equity arm of LVMH Group)
Vice President, Finance (Singapore)
March 2013 to date
• Reporting to the CFO, spearheaded the completion and financing of investments of more than USD 700
million into iconic deals across AsiaPacific such as Crystal Jade and Ce La Vi from Singapore, Dr Wu from
Taiwan, Marubi from China, 2XU, Seafolly and RM Williams from Australia, etc.
• Oversight of accounting (IFRS), fund administration, management report and treasury function as Controller
of 2 investment funds totaling USD 1.6 billion.
• Ensuring tax, statutory, legal and other regulations compliance are met.
• Oversight of portfolio monitoring reports which analysis each brands’ profit and loss and ultimately validate
their valuation.

Commerzbank AG
Vice President, Deputy Head of Controlling Asia (Singapore)
August 2011 to February 2013
• Reporting to the Finance Director, led a 3person management reporting team to align and improved the
reporting format, analysis and commentary level of the management reports to enable faster flow in decision
making of department heads in Investment Banking, Corporate Banking and Support Functions.
• Responsible for co-ordination and preparation of consolidated budget for Asia Pacific.
• Responsible for KPI management report for support functions and front offices (trading, treasury and corporate
finance).
• Business partnering with various divisional heads to analysis their P&L.

Deutsche Bank
Assistant Vice President, Cost Analytics (Singapore)
January 2011 to July 2011
Assistant Vice President, Cost Analytics (Tokyo, Japan)
August 2009 to December 2010
• DB Group CFO Star Award Individual Winner 2010 for introduction of cost reduction and operational
efficiency plan.
• Successfully implemented cost reports with value based matrix for executive management, which enhanced
cost transparency and provided proposals for management decisions.
• Cost Controlling, budgeting and forecast function for DB Japan Group.

Yeo Kang Nian

KPMG Business Assurance Co., Ltd
Associate Consultant (Tokyo, Japan)
August 2007 to June 2009
• Seconded to Goldman Sachs Realty Japan Ltd for 1.5year period as sole consultant to assist the client in
successful implementation of Activity Based Accounting project.
• Assisted Goldman Sachs Realty Japan Ltd in back office outsourcing financial planning, analysis and
budgeting.

Kintetsu World Express (S) Pte Ltd
Assistant Accountant (Singapore)
• Led a 1person team in management reporting function for Singapore
• Performed profit and loss analysis for each individual division
• Performed cost allocation to each division.

April 2006 to April 2007

BDO LLP
Audit Assistant (Singapore)
June 2005 to April 2006
• Involved in audit of Bodyshop, Beiersdorf (Nivea) and financial due diligence - IPO assessment of a
construction company as well as cross-border audit in Malaysia and China.

EDUCATION & QUALIFICATION
Nanyang Technological University, Nanyang Business School
Executive MBA (part-time)
CPA (Australia)

Expected Graduation 2017
Since 2008

Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology
Bachelors in Business (Accountancy)

2001 – 2005

Language Skills
English
Mandarin
Japanese

– Native
– Native
– Conversational

Yeo Kang Nian

