Albert Sugianto
Address:
308 Telok Kurau Rd
#04-14
Singapore 423858

Profile

Mobile: +65 9298 2784
Home: +65 6811 2489
E-mail: albert.sugianto@yahoo.com

Albert has over 10 years of experience in the fund administration and corporate
management industry. He is currently a Senior Manager (VP) at Alter Domus
Singapore where he is responsible for managing private equity, real estate and hedge
fund clients. He was previously with Citco Fund Services and Credit Suisse where he
was responsible for the set up of the operation team in Singapore. Albert graduated
from the University of Technology Sydney, Australia with Bachelor of Business.

Career
Objective

Education

To obtain a position in a growth oriented, progressive company where I can
implement and optimize my management and technical skills, and further develop my
knowledge in the areas of fund management, finance and accounting.
2003 – 2006

University of Technology, Sydney

Sydney,

Australia

Bachelor of Business, major in Accounting
2002 – 2003
Insearch, UTS
Diploma of Business and Commerce

Sydney, Australia

Achievements:
•
Merit Student Award in 2002
Employment

Jan 15 – Current

Credit Suisse (Singapore) Limited

Singapore

Senior Manager (VP)
• Responsible for being the central point of contact for client accounts (Private
Equities, Real Estates and Hedge Funds), identifies and anticipates possible
problem areas, accurately measures potential risks, and offers suitable
solutions to the client and satisfy their overall needs.
• Manage all operational aspects of the account and support the continuing
development of the business.
• Manage the relationships with other service providers in the industry, including
auditors, law firms, custodians, and prime brokers.
• In charge of the coordination and validation of all work delivered by the team
locally and globally.
• In charge of various internal projects such as ISAE certification and client onboarding.
• As business development senior manager, leads and directs revenue growth,
clients’ attraction and clients’ request generating new sales contract value.
• Sells Alter Domus products and services (principally Corporate Services, Fund
Services and Depositary Services) to financial institutions, private equity & real
estate firms, fund managers, and multi-national corporations in respect of
their overseas fund vehicles and legal entities (Holdcos, SPVs, Trusts).
• Represents the Alter Domus group and related activities overall in Singapore
• Visit/market the activities of the group to prospects and to business feeders
(legal & tax advisors/placement agents) in Singapore by direct contact;
• Attend events to develop contacts with prospects and business feeders
(lawyers/tax experts, etc.)
• Review business trends to anticipate clients’ needs or expectations;

Dec 13 – Jan 15
Credit Suisse (Singapore) Limited
Singapore
Assistant Vice President (AVP)
• Manage Singapore PFS team and responsible to ensure that all team members
operate efficiently and adhere to internal procedures, SAS70 requirements and
CS PFS best practice and policy.
• Ensure correct and efficient allocation of workload throughout the team.
Understand and equip the team for future business challenges.
• Understand training and development needs of team members where relevant.
Responsible for solving issues and incidents and monitoring delivery of solutions
and overall service to client and the wider internal organization.
• Promote and maintain our high quality client experience. Understand the needs
of our clients, their requirement for accurate and timely reporting coupled
with a proactive approach to client relationship management.
• Help promote and improve a change culture where we strive to provide the
highest quality service. Encourage for new product enhancements, develop
best practice and support the build out of capacity and scale within the
organization.
• Responsible for delivery of net asset valuation to a portfolio of both single
manager and fund of fund clients in accordance with SLA.
• Review final trial balance and all underlying portfolio information, accruals and
expenses on funds to ensure that information on account is up to date and
complete.
• Act as signatory for the approval of payments when required in accordance
with approved authorization levels.
• Liaise and work with the Investor Services team to ensure accurate recording
of shareholder capital activity within Geneva ensuring full client sign off and
NAV reporting of investor activity.
• Analyse and review movements in the NAV, whilst understanding affects of
P&L, side-pockets and hedging on shares class NAVs and partner balances.
• Prepare, review and present Administrators reports for inclusion in Board
meeting documentation in respect of appropriate funds.
• Recommend opportunities to enhance client focused service delivery where
appropriate.
• Act as a point of reference / referral escalation point for colleagues, providing
on the job training and coaching facilitation where required.

Feb 09 – Nov 13 Citco Fund Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd
Account Manager / AVP
•
•
•
•
•
•

Singapore

Managing a team of 6 people including fund accountants, senior fund
accountants and supervisor;
Reviewing Net Asset Value calculations, financial statements and associated
reports for Hedge Funds, Fund of Funds, and Private Equity funds;
Being the escalation point for all material issues effecting the NAV production
process;
Managing & meeting expectations of clients & fund participants, adhering to
deadlines;
Developing, adhering and maintaining targets concerning staffing, production,
overtime budgeting and productivity;
Managing the allocation of work to staff, work-flow processes and implement
work flow process improvements;

•

•
•
•

•

•
•
•
•

Responsible for client relationship management, including maintaining
relationships with investors, investment advisors/managers, banks, brokers and
auditors and other fund participants;
Managing the launch and set up of new funds and on boarding of new clients;
Assisting auditors and other fund participants and advisers;
Ensuring all staff are appropriately trained and conduct performance
evaluations bi-annually and informal one-on-one performance updates for
(Senior)/Fund Accountants & Supervisor monthly;
Participating in meetings and presentations to existing and any prospective
clients.
Achievements:
Internally promoted from Fund accountant to Senior Fund Accountant within 8
months.
Internally promoted from Senior Fund Accountant to Supervisor within 1 year.
Internally promoted from Supervisor to Account Manager (AVP) within 1.5 year.

Jun 07 – Jan 09
Citco Fund Services (Australia) Pty Ltd
Sydney, Australia
Fund Accountant / Analyst
•
Performing administration and analysis of and any services pursuant to
administration agreements in respect of a portfolio of hedge funds;
•
Responsible for the preparation of Net Asset Value calculations, financial
statements and associated reports;
Areas of
Expertise

Technical
Skills

References

Excellent organizational and management skills, sound judgment, strong ability to
prioritize tasks, strong personal character to assist my team to perform and grow,
excellent project management skills, strong collaboration skills, excellent
problem solving skills, strong client relationship management skills.

MS Excel, MS Access, MS Outlook, Visual Basic, MS Words, AS400, Bloomberg,
NTAS, Aexeo, AXI, SWIFT, Investran, Hedgetek, Citrix, BOB50, eFront and Paxus.
Available upon request.

