EGAMBARAM ARUN
HP

: +65 9172 0457

Email

:

arun.egam@gmail.com

Residential Address :

Block 443 #12-34, Yishun Avenue 11, Singapore - 760443

Age : 32

Nationality :

Singaporean

Race: Indian

CAREER OBJECTIVE

WORK EXPERIENCES (Cont’d)

To contribute and be part of organisation’s growth by consistently
exceeding expectations and give full commitment towards
achieving excellence.

Senior Auditor

(Temporary contract staff) – KPMG Sydney
(Jul 15 – Aug 15)
Auditor in-charge for the portfolio of clients from financial
services, real estate, independent assurance services and etc.

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIP
DATE

ORGANISATION

TYPE OF
MEMBERSHIP

August
2014
February
2011

Institute of Singapore Chartered
Accountants (ISCA)
Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants (ACCA)

Chartered
Accountant
Affiliate

ACHIEVEMENT
Top 30 Singapore
Examinations

ACCA Affiliates for

December

2010

EDUCATION QUALIFICATIONS
Master of Financial Analysis
University of New South Wales, Sydney
Graduated with credit standing

(Jul 14 – Jun 15)

Association of Chartered Certified Accountants Qualification
(ACCA)
(Jul 09 – Feb 11)
Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Finance (Aug 06 – Aug 09)
University Of London International Programme, Singapore
Institute of Management
Graduated with Second Class Lower Honours
WORK EXPERIENCES
Fund Accounting Manager - SS&C Technologies (S) Pte Ltd
(formerly Citibank Private Equity Services)
(Sep 15 – Present)
Review monthly and quarterly financial reporting package which
includes financial statements (IFRS), Partners/Shareholders
allocation calculations, portfolio reconciliation, accruals and other
required financial reporting.
Review of management fee calculations, fund level and deal
level waterfall computations.
Review of capital calls & distributions notices and other
correspondences to investors.
Ensure fund operation is within the guidelines of Limited
Partnership Agreement (LPA) and Service Level Agreement.
Responsible for on boarding of new clients which includes setting
milestones for the on boarding process, accounting system set
up, resource planning and allocation and etc.
Manage internal workflow to ensure internal processing and
client deadlines are met.
Provide comments on enquiries regarding LPAs and provide
assistance and guidance on accounting standards and best
practices.
Manage client expectations with both designated client contacts
and fund investors.
Responsible for associate development and training and ensure
adherence to up-to-date procedures.
Coordinate, manage and monitor the external audit process.

Audit Senior 2 – RSM Chio Lim LLP
(Mar 12 – May 14)
Performed Statutory Audit in compliance with Singapore
Financial Reporting Standards, Singapore Standards on Auditing
and other applicable Laws, Regulation and Guidelines.
Handled various client portfolios ranging from listed companies,
large to small Multinational Companies from different industries
such as retail, manufacturing, construction, freight forwarding
and etc.
Performed audit planning and team briefing on the approach, the
nature and the scope of work to be carried out and ensured
prompt completion of assignment to meet reporting deadline.
Reviewed internal controls and carried out discussion with audit
clients for recommendation on improving the internal control
weaknesses and other audit issues discovered during audit.
Provided guidance to junior staffs and interns, and lead them
during the audit fieldwork and performed as first level reviewer.
Audit Semi-Senior - Rohan Mah & Partners
(Nov 09 – Jan 12)
Performed statutory audits and handled various client portfolios
ranging from large to small Multinational Companies from
different industries such as Oil and Gas, Shipping, Information
Technology and etc. and non-profit organization.
Appointed as auditor in-charge for group audits and,
subsequently, performed consolidation workings for the
consolidated financial statements, communicate and evaluate
the work of the component auditor and etc.
Carried out agreed-upon procedures assignment and
compilation engagements.
Internship – Advanced Holdings Limited
(Jun 08 – Aug 08)
Interned at both the Corporate Finance Department and Finance
Department.
Actively involved in doing the market analysis for the products
such as studying industry and consumer trends, evaluating
potential competitors’ business and pricing strategies and the
regulations associated with selling the products in various
locations in Asia.
Contributed significantly to various business development
projects such as gathering relevant and compelling information
for projects and was part of team which helped the company with
successful JV in Philippines and China.
Researched on suitable Venture Capitalists for different projects
and was part of the team which was involved in drafting the
business plan for venture capitalists.
COMPUTER SKILLS
Proficient in MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, SAP, MYOB
and ACCPAC.

