DARRYL OH TZE HU
Address : Block 617C Punggol Drive #11-813 • Singapore 823617
Email : ohtzehu@yahoo.com.sg
Mobile : 97425254 (H/P)

CAREER OBJECTIVE
To secure a challenging position within your organisation that will utilise my education, experience and unique
abilities to further my career opportunities.
PERSONAL PROFILE
NRIC No
Date of Birth
Sex
Marital Status

: S8115644A
: 05 June 1981
: Male
: Married

EDUCATION
Feb 2003 – Dec 2004

Citizenship
Race
Dialect

: Singapore
: Chinese
: Hokkien

The University of Queensland, Australia
• Bachelor of Commerce, (Accounting and Finance)

ACHIEVEMENT
CUSTOMER RELATION
MULTI-TASKING
TEAMWORK

ANALYTICAL SKILLS
PERSONAL SKILLS

• Established good business relationships with external/ corporate customers to
achieve profit maximisation
• Able to successfully perform multi-tasking and priorities to meet deadlines so
crucial in the fund operation environment.
• Capability to work with cross- functional teams to develop and improve
customer- focused services in order to create Best Customers Experience,
thereby maximising customer value and royalty.
• Proficient at analysing data and market trends to provide innovative solutions
• Problem Solving and Decision Making, Personal Effectiveness Service Quality.

CAREER PROFILE
May 2013 – Current

HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited
Manager, Service Delivery
 Review of NAV calculation and ensure all necessary procedures are
followed. Variance checks are conducted to ensure reasonableness of
valuation against benchmark.
 Understand client’s requirements for new funds pre-IPO, and ensure that the
relevant setup and processes are in place to facilitate daily fund operation and
NAV calculation.
 Manage multiple client relationships and act as second point of contact for
clients to address more difficult questions and requests.





Provide guidance to and manage a number of Portfolio Accountants in the
team.
Check cash and securities reconciliations, and ensure compliance checks are
performed timely and breaches are highlighted to the relevant parties.
Ensure trade processing and banking instructions are completed accurately
and timely according to client specific and market requirements.

Aug 2011 – April 2013
Manager, Change Delivery
 Attended Multifonds and MIG 21 system training in Hong Kong and
seconded to Change Delivery team as Service Delivery SME (Subject Matter
Expert) for project migration.
 Participate on REIT team Multifonds migration and also new client RFP
(Request for Proposal) presentation.
 Apply knowledge acquired form training in Hong Kong to Singapore (IMS
system) context and provided gap analysis base on UAT results.
 Work closely with London and Hong Kong project team on the Singapore
requirement.
 Able to pick up the require knowledge from training and quickly accustomed
myself to the ongoing project discussion, planning, UAT and provide
training in Singapore.

Nov 2006 – Jul 2011

HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited
Senior Portfolio Accountant
 Prepare portfolio valuations and calculate net asset value pursuant to the
rules of valuations in the trust deed.
 Perform fund accounting, cash & stock reconciliation, cash management and
monitoring of investment restriction and guideline.
 Liaise with external banks and custodians on fund.
 Validate dividend and interest on fixed deposits and fixed income securities.
 Involve in UAT enhancement programme.
 Participate in migration project.

Nov 2005 – Oct 2006

Ernst & Young
Auditor
 Responsible for formulating the audit strategy and work plan.
 Perform audit fieldwork for public and non public listed companies.
 Performing analysis of audit findings, advising management on the need for
internal controls and adherence to acceptable practices and procedures
 Developing and preparing final reports

Sept 2005 – Nov 2005

HSBC Fund Services (Contract)
Admin Executive
 Process unit holder transactions (eg. subscriptions, redemptions, transfers,
cancellations) in accordance with the dealing rules in the trust deed.
 Preparing month end report to Fund Managers.
 Unit reconciliation and maintain the register of unit holders of the fund
 Attending queries from Distributors, Funds Managers and Investors

Feb 2005 – Aug 2005

UBS AG (Contract)
Accounts Assistant (Financial Operations Department)
 Processing staff claims
 Accounts payable processing
 Dealing queries over the phone and email
 Tax return preparation

SKILLS AND INTERESTS
Computer skills: Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Others: Knowledgeable in Reuters and Bloomberg
Languages: Proficient in English and Mandarin
Interests: Meeting with people, travelling, basketball, swimming, movies, and music.
OTHERS
Availability:

1 month

