Resume

Ng Wan Ting, Shendia
Mobile: 9168 6086
Email: ngshendia@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE:
A senior-level position in the Financial industry with a focus on Operational Management, Team
Leadership and Process Improvements.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:




BSc Bachelor Degree in Banking and Finance
Class of 2010, from University of London
Diploma in Banking and Financial Services
Class of 2008, from Ngee Ann Polytechnic

JOB EXPERIENCE:


Operations Executive in SRE Capital Pte. Ltd., August 2015 – Present
Under the Operations and Risk Management department in a hedge fund investment firm
predominantly investing in real estate investment trusts (“REITs”), responsibilities include:
- Trade verification (Equities, CFDs, Futures, and Options).
- Reconcile trade details with custodians/brokers/ISDA counterparties.
- Record trade information, income activity and pricing of securities in the Portfolio
Accounting System (Tradar PMS).
- Account for monthly accruals of the Fund.
- Prepare and reconcile weekly cash balances and stock positions.
- Prepare and reconcile monthly GAV and NAV reports.
- Prepare and reconcile soft dollar accounts.
- Prepare monthly and quarterly fund performance presentations.
- Prepare and submit compliance and MAS reports.
- Involved in the IPO process of NikkoAM-StraitsTrading Asia ex Japan REIT ETF
which launched on 29 March 2017.
- Clients, Vendors and Inter-Departments management.



Senior Securities Processing Analyst in Citibank Singapore, May 2015 – August 2015
Under the Securities Finance and Collateral Management department, responsibilities
include:
- Query resolution based on trading and loan settlement discrepancies and/or requests
- Dealing with respective brokers/trading desks/product management teams to ensure
timely settlement of trades and loans
- Support KRI/KPI Reporting
- Product management for monthly and quarterly presentation reviews with clients
- Reconciling security lent out positions between safekeeping and loan books
- Exposed to Asian markets' (including Japan) trade settlement cycles and processes



Operations Associate in Flowering Tree Investment Management Pte. Ltd., June 2013 –
April 2015
Under the Business team in a private institutional equities oriented investment firm, main
responsibilities include:
- Trade verification (Equities, CFDs, Futures, Options, and NDFs).
- Reconcile trade details with custodians/brokers/ISDA counterparties.
- Record trade information, income activity and pricing of securities in the Portfolio
Accounting System.
- Prepare and reconcile daily cash balances and stock positions.
- Deal with collateral and margin requirements.
- Resolving trade failures.
- Exposed to various markets’ trade settlement cycles and processes.
- Possess knowledge of trade fee calcaulations.



Financial Analyst in Partners Group, November 2010 – May 2013
Under the Investment Analytics team, mainly analyzing portfolio valuations and funds’ Net
Asset Value for about 100 funds.
- Cash flows and NAVs are checked for accountability, including reconciling cash
flows (capital calls and distributions) if necessary, to ensure that figures used for
reporting are correct and of highest standard.
- Interaction is taken place daily with the accountants, investment managers and writers
from the global offices to maintain the integrity of the valuation figures used.
Personal Achievement
I was promoted to Financial Analyst from Fund Administrative Assistant within a year of
service with the organization.
I started mentoring new hires and interns in the team to enable them to be familiar with the
work processes.



Business Assistant in Infinitio Pte Ltd, June – August 2010 (Part-time)
An all-rounder, which covers every aspect; from sourcing gift premiums for local and
overseas customers, liaising with local and overseas importers and suppliers and to meet up
with clients to discuss the customization of the gift premiums. Additionally, handling
shipment deliveries and customer after-sales support.
Major clients include Swarovski, Sony Ericsson, Louis Vuitton.
Personal Achievement
I was given the opportunity to meet the suppliers and clients on my own after two months
with the company, thus this opportunity benefitted my interpersonal communication and
interaction skills significantly.

COMPETENCIES / COMPUTER SKILLS:
1.
2.
3.
4.

Microsoft Office 2010 (Word, Excel, Powerpoint)
Bloomberg Terminal
Database (E-Front, Siebel, TRADAR PMS, SLS, SECORE)
Well Conversant in English and Mandarin

PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Race: Chinese
Nationality: Singaporean

CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:
 Secondary School
A member of the National Cadet Corps (Sea)
A member of the Softball School team
 Polytechnic
Team captain of the Volleyball team
An active member, participating in the Open House in 2006 and 2007
Assistant Leader in the September 2006-IMF World Bank Meeting held in Singapore

REFERENCES:
Available upon request

