Denis Kong, CFA III Candidate
E-mail: axmkong@gmail.co m

Tel: (+852) 9611 2134

Nationality: Chinese

EDUCATION
University of Warwick, School of Economics (Top 2 economic school in the UK)

Coventry, UK
Master of Science in Economics
Sep 2005 - Sep 2006
Distinction in Econometrics; Dissertation on International and Financial Economics.
Core Modules: Econometrics, Investment Management, Monetary Economics, Microeconomics, Macroeconomics.

University of Nottingham, School of Economics (Top 3 economic school in the UK)

Nottingham, UK
Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Economics
Sep 2002 - Aug 2005
Upper-Second Class (Hons) Award; Achieved top exam mark (1st out of 300 peers) in Econometrics.
Core Modules: Econometrics, Time Series, Mathematical Economics, International Economics, Microeconomics.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Haitong International

Hong Kong
Senior Vice President, Direct Investment and Structured Finance Business, Full Ti me
Nov 2016 - Present
 Led PE investment projects, including Round E of the largest online apartment rental platform (China’s Airbnb) - Ongoing.
 Led structured finance projects, including the shareholder leveraged notes financing of a HK listed RE developer - Ongoing.

CITIC CLSA Securities

Hong Kong
Senior Associate, Corporate Finance Division, Full Time
Jun 2015 - Oct 2016
 Worked as a specialist in the TMT and healthcare team with project experience also in infrastructure and energy sectors .
 Led analysts in preparing financial valuation and models, profiles, pitchbo oks, comps, due diligence and client meetings.
 Selected sponsor IPO experience: Red-chip IPO of the leading telecom and IT software company in China
- One of the largest software red-chip IPO (c.US$700m) in Hong Kong to be, actively involved in the execution process.

 Selected sponsor IPO experience: H-share IPO of China Energy Engineering Corporation (Largest HK IPO in 2015)
- Worked on the c.US$2bn H-share IPO project of one of the largest integrated power engineering companies in the world.
- Involved in the H-share material submission, the analyst presentation materials as well as other pre- and post-A1 execution work.

ICBC International

Hong Kong
Associate, Investment Banking Division, Full Time
Jun 2012 - Jun 2015
 Sector exposure: TMT, consumer, natural resources, industrials, FIG & RE; Execution exposure: IPO, M&A & DCM.
 Selected sponsor IPO experience: Red-chip IPO of Ronshine China Holdings Ltd.
- Actively engaged in the c.US$500m IPO project for the leading real estate developer in the Western Taiwan Straits Economic Zone.
- Built the full-blown financial model, and contributed in the management, business, financial and 3rd-party DD process of the project.

 Selected M&A experience: Acquisition of a leading Chinese engineering design & survey firm by CMEC
- Worked on the HK$200m acquisition of 100% stake of China Jikan Research Institute of Engineering Investigation and Design Ltd.
- Engaged in the DD, valuation and general negotiations of the transaction, and contributed in solving various issues in the due process.

HSBC Global Banking

Hong Kong
Analyst, Corporate Sectors Group, Full Time
Jun 2010 - Nov 2011
 TMT specialist and covered names including JD.com and Touch Media; also covered consumer, auto and industrial sectors .
 Engaged in preparing financial valuation and models, profiles, pitchbooks, comps, due diligence and client meetings.
 Selected IPO experience: c.US$700m proposed US IPO of Touch Media
- Responsible for preparing the full financial model and valuations for the Company’s internal use with minimum supervision.
- Drafted the entire sector sections in the RfP and the Bake-off presentation, and facilitated the whole origination process.

 Selected M&A transaction experience: Proposed overseas acquisition by China South Railways (CSR)
- Responsible for drafting profiles, pitchbooks, follow-up discussion materials, panel meeting facilitation and field translation.
- Won the mandate through following the client for 1.5 years and having consistent communication with the client and the target.

KPMG Consulting

London , UK
Analyst, Transaction Services Group, Full Time
Sep 2007 - Dec 2008
 Performed financial due diligence and financial analysis for large-cap cross-border transactions (M&A, IPO, etc.).
 Involved in leading market deals including Northern Rock sale (US$60bn) and RBS Insurance disposal (US$12bn).

AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS
National Business Competition: Golden Prize and Special Award, UK-China Business Competition 2005.
 UK national competition attracted c.1, 000 contestants from top schools including Cambridge, Oxford, LSE, etc.
 Led a team with a TMT project and won the Golden Prize of US$3,000 and the Special Award of US$60,000 investment.

PERSONAL SKILLS
Language Skills: Native in Chinese, Strongly Fluent in English, Intermediate in Cantonese and Basic in Japanese.
Computer Skills: Advanced in Windows, MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Photoshop, VBA.
Denis Kong, axmkong@gmail.com

v.36

