YASHODHA.N
Email: yashodha18@gmail.com

Contact number : +65 90266440

Singapore PR / NRIC: S8855789A

Profile Highlights
 Over 4 years of experience in Investment Management Company.
 Experience in Brokerage fees receivables, fund accounting and trades.
 Skillful in managing operations as well as implementing strategies towards enhanced client satisfaction.
 Proven ability to meet tight deadlines and prioritize workload.
 Gathered fair understanding of a large set of financial products we deal with.
 Focused & goal oriented, skilled in creating & formulating strategies for accelerated growth; hard
working with presentation/interpersonal skills.
 Possess good knowledge of MS Office tools.
 Excellent Communication Skill with peers, middle and senior management.

 Exposed to cross cultural working environment providing an ability to adapt faster with minimum
supervision. Experience

Professional Work Experience
Newedge Financial Singapore Pte Ltd (Societe Generale) : Jul 2013 – Sep 2014
Position: Brokerage Analyst (Receivables in Operation)
Key Responsibilities:
Responsible to collect the brokerage commission for the trades executed for APAC and London office
Reconciling the discrepancies between the invoice and the trades executed.
Coordinating with brokers/middle office /traders to resolve duplicate trades and DK trades
Investigating on the commission rate issues using EGUS agreement and resolving tax rate discrepancies.
Chasing the debtors to collect the brokerage commission due.
Allocation of the commission received to the respective trades.
Posting FX and Journals on our cash system for the cash received (New Tops).
Maintain up-to-date action summary of aged invoices greater than a month and above.
Preparation of brokerage receivable cash write off error reports arising due to invoicing discrepancies.
Adding up new clients, creating new accounts on UBIX as per the broker specification.
Implemented successfully smart stream tool (TLM) for brokerage receivables.

Tools used: UBIX, NEWTOPS, SQL, EGUS
Yashodha.N

State Street Global Advisors : Apr 2011 – Oct 2012
Position : Operations Reconciliation Associate
Fund accounting reconciliation - Daily reconciliation of Income, cash, stock activity of the funds
which are managed by the fund manager with the custodian bank.
Products involved - Cash/Stock reconciliation, Income reconciliation, reconciling the discrepancies between
accounting and custody transaction using TLM 2.7 as reconciliation tool. Breaks are due to Dividend pay-out,
Coupons, Cash flows, FX, Spin off, Stock split, Dividend reinvestment, Bonus issues, pending trades,
unsettled trades and partially settled.
Key Responsibilities:
Coordinating with different teams like corporate actions, Income, Expenses, Trades team to resolve the
outstanding breaks.
Responsible to reconcile all the income related transactions, Dividends, Bond INT, COAC’s, Trades,
Sec Lending, Month end Interest, FX.
Investigating the difference between accounting system and custody and following the clients for the
discrepancies and cross verifying with the primary source Bloomberg.
Feeds checking, manual matches, creating nettings; analyzing the Breaks, working on aged breaks,
clearing all the exceptions, resolving high NAV impacting breaks.
Calculating Net Asset value of a fund which helps to know the performance of the fund.
Was calculating weekly and monthly NAV for the funds, and reconciliation of NAV.
Preparing the training plans and conducting training sessions for the new team member, presentation on
various topics, to enhance business knowledge of the team mates.
Helped the team members with TLM 2.7 documented the whole process how to use the new tool which
helped the overall team.
Tools used: TLM 2.7, RKS, Bloomberg

JPMorgan Chase : Mar 2010 – Apr 2011
Position: Trade support / team member (Dublin Trades/ Dublin reconciliation) TSS
Key Responsibilities:
Products involved: Equity, Bonds, Futures, Forwards, Options, FX.
Booking of Confirmed Trades on our accounting system.
Reconciling the trades and check if trades are settled.
Ensure all the FX trades Booked on or before the Funding Cut-offs as applicable and monitoring trade
queries with brokers, custodians and informing them on any unprocessed trades.
Worked on IM (instruction management) a tool which helps to investigate on errors of trades or failed
trades for not flowing through IM.
Yashodha.N

Helped in migrating Dublin trades reconciliation process to Dublin trades team and trained the trade’s
team in trade reconciliation.
Cash reconciliation relating to income and stock and positions reconciliation mainly trades related.
Option & Future trades reconciliation.

Technical Skills
Trading Applications

:

Bloomberg, FTS,

Reconciliation Tool

:

TLM 2.7, TLM 2.5

Operating Systems

:

MS Office Suite

Fund Accounting systems

:

DANA, RKS, IM instruction management

Educational Details
 Master in Business Administration (Finance) from Bangalore University : Jun 2010
 Bachelor of commerce Graduation (Accounting) from Bangalore University : Jun 2008

Personal Details
 Languages Known

: English, Hindi & Kannada

 Nationality:

: Indian

 Singapore PR

: S8855789A

 Date of Birth:

: 17th Jan 1988

Reference Available on Request.

Yashodha.N

