Wee Xin Yuh (Singaporean)
1 Hillview Drive
Singapore 669363
+65 92316870
weexinyuh@gmail.com
EDUCATION/QUALIFICATION
CPA Australia
2015 – Present
Associate Member
• Expect to attain professional qualification by 2019 to be a certified practicing financial accountant.
University of Western Australia
Bachelor of Commerce (Majoring in Financial Accounting & Corporate Finance)
• Passed with merit.

Jul 2010 – Sep 2013

WORK EXPERIENCE
KPMG Services Pte. Ltd.
Senior Audit Associate
Sep 2015 – Present
• Industry exposure includes wholesale distribution, investment funds, insurance and bank
• Performed controls testing and walkthroughs of company’s finance processes to identify potential risk.
• Performed substantive analytical review procedures on client’s financial statements and accounts to identify
significant activity.
• Assisted in audit planning and preparation of financial statements in accordance with Singapore Financial
Reporting Standards.
Brinks Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Finance Assistant
May 2014 – Aug 2014
• Prepared and maintained fixed asset schedules to ensure that accounting for capital assets and depreciation is in
compliance with company’s objectives.
• Assisted in handling accounts payable by preparing payment vouchers, cheques and data entry into Accpac
accounting system.
Energy Market Authority Singapore
Intern Analyst in Policy and Planning Department
Dec 2012 – Feb 2013
• Defined information parameters necessary for the facilitating an efficient electricity futures market in Singapore.
• Participated in discussions on designing the market framework to facilitate the entry of renewable energy
generation into Singapore’s electricity market.
Nexia TS Pte Ltd
Corporate Advisory Vacation Trainee in Assurance Department
Dec 2011 – Feb 2012
• Undertook stocktaking, cashbook review, unrecorded liabilities review, statutory auditing, audit planning and
auditing of dormant companies.
IT & LANGUAGE SKILLS
• Fluent in verbal and written in English and Mandarin.
• Proficient user of Microsoft Office, Accpac Accounting Software and IDEA Data Analysis software
ACTIVITIES / COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
Dorcas Home Care Service
Sep 2016 – Present
Volunteer
• Involved in meal delivery programme to deliver food to elderly who are home bound and monitored their
wellbeing.

Full Gospel Assembly Perth
Leader in Agape Ministry
Feb 2011 – Feb 2014
• Involved in community projects, such as setting up food stalls, to raise funds for charity cause and foster stronger
ties with the community.
University of Western Australia
Student Leader in International Undergraduate Welcome Program
• Guided and advised new students to ease into campus life.

Jul 2012 – Jul 2013

