Tan Ming Sheng Joseph
Mobile: (+65) 8876 6324
Email: Joseph.tan.2011@accountancy.smu.edu.sg

WORK EXPERIENCE
PARTNERS GROUP AG | Private Equity Secondaries Analyst
(Sep 15 – Present)
 Conducted due diligence in transactions involving acquisitions/ disposals of private equity fund partnership
interests in Asia. Transactions complex fund restructurings and secondary-direct opportunities.
 Prepared Investment Committee proposals to communicate deal team recommendations and key findings.
o Closed transactions: USD 110m Secondary transaction in 5 venture funds, USD 15m Secondary Coinvestment in a leading Brazilian private hospital, USD 90m Primary commitment in a leading Pan-Asian
Buyout fund.
 Liaised with lawyers, accountants, tax advisors to perform accurate and timely deal execution.
 Active post-investment monitoring through AGM participation, LPAC boards meetings, fund corporate actions.
 Assisted with fundraising support through preparation of marketing materials and deal slides.
QUANTEDGE CAPITAL | Quantitative Research Intern
(Jul 14 – Aug 14)
 Performed strategy back-testing of Equity Long/Short and Market Neutral strategies for potential use in a market
leading quantitative fund as part of internship program.
BNP PARIBAS | Equity Research Intern
(May 14 – Jul 14)
 Supported the lead analyst in company modelling and research covering 11 public-listed Airlines in Asia.
 Interacted with company management teams through AGMs, non-deal roadshows, liaised with industry experts
and clients in responding to specific analyses and requests.
 Contributed competitor landscape analysis to study feasibility of brokerage expansion into neighbouring Asian
markets.
SEATOWN HOLDINGS INTERNATIONAL | Investment Intern
(Jan 14 – May 14)
 Energy sector coverage of Oil and gas producers, integrated players, equipment and service providers.
 Analysed situations involving corporate activity or catalytic change including mergers and acquisitions, asset
disposals, restructuring.
 Constructed detailed financials models containing multiple operating scenarios, sensitized returns around key
variables and exit scenarios to assess the potential range of investment returns.
 Worked jointly on 3 proposals for investments ranging USD 30 – 50m for investment committee review.
 Initiated and proposed a USD 30m investment which received approval from investment committee.
UBS AG | Credit Risk Control Intern
(May 13 – July 13)
 Credit counterparties consisted of prime brokerage and corporate clients - hedge funds and commercial banks.
 Assisted with the preparation of internal credit memorandums, performed internal counterparty credit ratings to
set and control credit risk limits.
 Actively participated in due diligence meetings with fund managers through preparation of questionnaires and
meeting agendas.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
SINGAPORE MANAGEMENT UNIVERSITY
(Aug 11 – May 15)
 Bachelor of Accountancy, Double Major in Finance – Graduated Summa Cum Laude
 Relevant coursework: Advanced Financial Accounting, Corporate Finance, Analysis of Fixed Income Securities,
Valuation, Financial Instruments, Institutes & Markets.

