Tan Chee How
Mobile: (65) 8403 6196

Email: cheehowt@gmail.com

Education
National University of Singapore (NUS)
Singapore, SG
Bachelor of Business Administration (Honours)
Aug 2010 – Dec 2014
 Specialised in Finance, Minored in Technopreneurship
 Relevant Modules: Valuation and Mergers & Acquisitions, Corporate Finance, and Financial Modeling
 2017 Level II candidate in the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Program
 Placed 93rd percentile globally in Bloomberg Aptitude Test (BAT)
Fudan University
Shanghai, CN
NUS Overseas College Programme
Feb 2013 – Dec 2013
 Awarded NUS Alumni Overseas Colleges Award AY2012/2013
Vienna University of Economics and Business
Vienna, AT
International Student Exchange Programme
Feb 2012 – Jul 2012
 Awarded NUS Award for Study Abroad (NASA)
Work And Leadership Experience
Deloitte & Touche LLP
Singapore, SG
Business Tax Associate
Mar 2015 – Present
 International Tax Advisory for a Singapore Telecommunications Equipment Group
- Conducted comparative study to determine the optimum jurisdiction to house the Group’s new holding company and
Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs), with respect to achieving the lowest tax leakage and withholding taxes at source.
- Generated a detailed report in PowerPoint format under tight deadline, outlining recommendation for client.
 Tax due diligence on behalf of a French payment solutions group in its S$88 million acquisition of a business unit of a
Singapore listed company
- Assisted in structuring the purchase of the business unit to reduce tax liability and maximise available exemptions.
- Advised client in managing historic and future tax exposures in the target company during the negotiation process.
 Reviewed financial records such as income statements, balance sheets and documentation of expenditures to prepare
income tax computation for client companies; utilised appropriate deductions and exemptions to minimise tax payables.
 Achieved “High Performance” performance rating for the FY 2015 and nominated the “Tax Employee Outstanding
Performance Award” for the FY 2016 Q1.
CanAsia Consulting Group
Shanghai & Beijing, CN
Analyst
May 2013 – Dec 2013
 Series B Fundraising for a Technology Company
‐ Researched over 40 competitors in the industry based on their business and revenue model, participated in discussion
with senior management; resulted in solid business model for our client company.
‐ Performed financial analysis and valuation using discounted cash flow and multiples.
‐ Drafted investment summary for potential investors.
‐ Generated a 30 slide PowerPoint presentation outlining industry trend, client’s competitive edge and financials
highlight, for pitching to potential investors.
 Business Advisory for a Hong Kong Private Healthcare Service Provider
‐ Drafted a strategic business plan and performed financial modeling for their expansion into mainland China.
 Financial Consulting for an Internet Technology Company
‐ Assisted in performing revenue and expenses analysis for a cloud technology company; suggested improvements to
revenue management process, assisted client in adopting new revenue management system.
 Internal Audit on an Educational Institution
‐ As a member of the team to perform internal audit services and contributed to uncovering significant discrepancy
between the expected revenue and the actual revenue collected.
 Developed Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and training materials to standardize work processes and provide
instructions to ensure consistent work quality among new employees.
Singapore Business Federation
Singapore, SG
Global Asia Hub Intern
May 2011 – July 2011
 Supported the team on a project initiated by Singapore Economic Development Board (EDB) to attract global mid-sized
companies to invest in Singapore.
 Conducted market research on 44 industries which facilitated the set up and growth of foreign enterprises.
 Contributed to the whole process (generating ideas, drafting content, canvassing, publicity, etc.) of completing a resource
guide for foreign investors – ‘Singapore, Your Global Asia Hub’.
Awards
 Trailblazer Foundation ASEAN Scholarship 2011 - 2013
 Champion in Bank Gutmann Case Study Competition: Foreign Exchange Analysis and Prediction (Australian Dollar)
 Best Debater in ASEAN Level High School Invitation Chinese Debate Competition
Technical Skills And Interest
 Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint), experience in Excel VBA and Financial Modelling, familiar with
Bloomberg Terminal and FactSet Research System, attended workshops on Adobe Dreamweaver
 Fluent in English, Mandarin, Malay and conversational Cantonese
 NUS Students’ Investment Society, Social and Ballroom Dance Club

