Ling Run Chao, Andy
Email: runchao91@gmail.com
Mobile Phone: +65-98368807
Address: Block 327 Sembawang Crescent #11-30 (S)750327
Date of Birth: 21st May 1991
Nationality: Singaporean
Earliest start work date: Early January 2018

Work experiences
MATCHAM CAPITAL INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (September 2016 – End-December 2017)
Financial Accounting and Operations Analyst (commodities)
 Daily monitoring of futures and options contracts trading and investment team’s adherence to exchange trading rules.
 Understand various trading strategies adopted by the investment team. (e.g. spreads, hedging).
 Liaise with Bloomberg (Asset Investment Management and Tradebook) team and investment team to resolve trade flow
issues.
 Daily reconciliation of trades and generation of Risk and Profit & Loss reporting (Calculate notional exposure limit, VaR,
Option Delta lots).
 Assist in developing system to track and monitor performance of the Funds.
 Assist in developing processes to check Monthly NAV reconciliation.
 Liaise with various parties to complete FATCA and CRS reporting for Cayman and Singapore related entities.
 Assist in drafting policies for the Fund (e.g. Standard Operating Procedures, FATCA and CRS reporting, MiFID II reporting,
Internal risk policies, etc).
 Liaise with auditors for year-end audit and preparation of financial statements and other CIMA reporting requirements.
 Create monthly investor reports write-up (Including Past performance, exposure limits and market research).
 Prepare and account for payment instructions and invoices relating to the Fund and Investment Manager.

WELLS FARGO GLOBAL FUND SERVICES (December 2014 – September 2016)
Financial Reporting and Accounting Policy (FRAP) Group

 Perform US GAAP and IFRS client funds financial statement preparations.
 Preparation of monthly P&L and NAV reporting to clients.
 Preparation of financial statements and co-ordination of year-end audit for hedge funds clients in Asia with asset-undermanagement from US$20MM to US$3Billion.
 Utilise various types of excel formulas in the preparation of financial statement models, and footnotes.
 Perform risk analysis on the financial statements and their portfolio holdings for their interim reports and year-end statements.
 Prepared IFRS and US GAAP financial statements of funds with investment strategies ranging from equity, credit, distressed
debts, macro, multi-strategy and private equity funds.
 Analysis of various derivative products (understanding the trade flows and perform reclassification to follow IFRS standards)
 Attend to ad hoc queries from fund managers and investors.
 Experienced and coped with tight schedules of preparing year-end December 2014 and December 2015 audited financial
statements.

UNITED OVERSEAS BANK ASSET MANAGEMENT (June 2014 – December 2014)
Compliance Department






Conduct Know-Your-Customer (KYC) process on clients so it complies with MAS regulations.
Liaise with Business Development personnel for clients’ information in an appropriate and timely manner.
Monitor clients’ funds by liaising with various fund houses.
Perform due diligence screenings of clients using World Check, Factiva and Dow Jones Risk & Compliance.
Updates and feedback to Director regarding client status.

INTELLICAT TUITION SCHOOL (June 2012 – June 2014)
Tutor and Accounts Assistant







Conduct tutoring lessons to primary and secondary students in classes of 7.
Imbue fellow tutors by radically changing their teaching styles to a fun and engaging approach.
Actively engage students’ parents.
Perform monthly/quarterly closing & accounts reconciliation (AR, AP, GL) & consolidation.
Preparation of Cashflow, OPEX & CAPEX costs.
Team player and effective communicator.

Achievements
 Bloomberg Aptitude Test 2014 (Achieved a top tier score of 96th percentile)
 Voted Most Popular Tutor in Intellicat Tuition School (2013)
 Top 5% (academic results) of cohort in my secondary school for 4 consecutive years

Skills
 Proficient in Advanced Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint and Word. Exposure in VBA Excel
 Languages: English and Mandarin, conversant in Cantonese.

Education
 Bachelor of Science in Accountancy and Finance. University of London. Attained 2nd Lower Honours
 Anderson Junior College (2008 – 2009)
 Serangoon Garden Secondary School (2004 – 2007)

