Career Objectives

Have strong interest in financial market and want to further career growth within
hedge fund industry only

Education Qualifications
Sep 2011 to Aug 2013

Mar 2006 to Mar 2009

BSc (Hons) Banking and Finance Degree – University of London
International Programmes – Second Class Honours (Upper Division)
Diploma in Banking and Financial Services (Major in Financial Trading),
Singapore Polytechnic

Certificate
June 2009

Certificate in Technical Analysis (Finance) awarded by Singapore Technical
analysts & Trader Society - Taken due to self interest

HOLLY

Dec 2016 to Present

Senior Fund Accountant at Citco Fund Services (Singapore), Shared
Services Centre
Role and responsibilities include:
•
Continue to perform fund services to European hedge funds but take on higher
responsibility by handling funds with bigger AUM.
•
Preparation of financial statements and other required reports on a weekly/monthly
basis while ensuring tight deadlines are met.
•
Develop and maintain relationships with investment advisors/managers, banks,
brokers and investor relation group.
•
Working closely with account manager in the launch and set up of new funds.
•
Preparation of financial statements and other required reports on a weekly/monthly
basis while ensuring deadlines are met.
•
Coaching and training juniors in understanding calculation of NAV process for new
funds assigned to them and reviewing of their work.
•
Manage juniors and assist them in work to ensure deliverable of funds are not
delayed.
•
Troubleshooting with with technical support team to resolve financial reporting
issues.
•
Assist account manager to prepare reports for auditors and respond to auditor
queries.
•
Complying and onboard new internal controls, policies and procedures. Review
and make suggestions for process improvement.
•
Assist account manager in any ad-hoc projects when necessary
Mar 2014 to December 2016 Fund Accountant at Citco Fund Services (Singapore), Shared Services
Centre
Role and responsibilities include:
Perform fund administration services to European hedge funds - Clients
include Goldman
Sachs , Winton Capital and current major client, Marshall Wace
Prepare financial reporting for hedge funds, - Calculation of Net Asset
Value and preparation of Statement of Asset and Liabilities and Profit and

Loss Statement on daily/weekly/monthly basis, while ensuring tight
deadlines are met.
Securities valuations include validation of market prices against vendors
on the various listed securities and OTC products such as options,
variance swap and CDS. Also include stale price report check, flagging
out of suspended/halted securities, performing P/L market value checks.
Ensuring capital transactions are booked correctly and P&L is allocated
correctly at fund, class and investor level. Process payment of fund
expense through in-house system and booking of fund income/fee
accruals. Calculation and validation of management fees, highwatermark,
performances fees, equalisation and forced redemption .
Generating associated daily reports for major hedge funds while meeting
tight deadlines and fund’s requirements.
Handled funds with master feeder fund structure with mutli line hedging
share classes.
Perform daily and month end reconciliation of cash, trade and positions
using in-house reconciler / excel spread sheet, supported by client’s
blotters and broker statements.
Reconcile dividends and equity swaps/collateral and any interests related
on monthly basis.
Resolve day to day trade and cash discrepancies with investment
managers, brokerages and headquarter in Dublin.
Coaching juniors in understanding calculation of NAV process and firm’s
operations.

Oct 2013 to Dec
2013
•

•
•
•

Software Skills

Part-time Bank Assistant at United Overseas Bank (Singapore), Group
Technology and Operation, Business Internet Banking (BIB) Took on “maker”
role. Duties include:
Assist to process daily influx of BIB account opening [Application Section] through
bank intranet system. Processes include entering company details, appointed
administrators & signatories, product package (Basic/Professional) and bank
accounts.
Access Bank Wide Customer Information Facility (BWCIF) for extracting/verifying
client’s personal details.
Creation of Remittance (ROS) and Inter-Bank Giro (IBG) for electronic bulk services.
Process various customer requests [Maintenance Section] such as linking company
new bank account, reissuing of password/tokens, creation and termination of
user/account.
Microsoft Outlook, Word, Power Point and Bloomberg. Familiar with Excel with very
basic understanding on VBA macro.

Languages
Proficiency
Personal Traits

English – Fluent, Mandarin – Average

Hobbies/Interests

Surfing the internet, Watching movies, Playing console Racing/ Strategy games.
Follow financial market news from forexlive, markewatch, zerohedge etc.

Working
Availability

Able to work independently and often assist others when issues arise. Display strong
commitment to work and learn. Organised with good planning ahead to allow
completing various tasks within tight deadlines. Trained to pay more attention to
details and numbers. Initiate problem solving surrounding trade discrepancies or
system reporting issues. Self-discipline, humble, integrity, self driven and take high
responsibility for own work.

One month after confirmation, No issues with working OT/ Weekend/ Shifts or PH

