LOW PEI NEE, PENNY
214 PASIR RIS STREET 21
#04-260, SINGAPORE 510214
+6581999377
p3nny_0726@hotmail.com

#04-260
SINGAPORE

510214

AUDIT & ACCOUNT SENIOR

Proficient in external auditing with progressive experiences. Proven ability to complete
#04-260in auditing.
assessment and always look to update and enhance the skillset
SINGAPORE

510214

Areas of expertise include:







collating, checking and analysing spreadsheet data
examining company accounts and financial control systems
gauging levels of financial risk within organisations
ensuring that assets are safeguarded and undertaking reviews of wages.
preparing reports, commentaries and financial statements
liaising with managerial staff and presenting findings and recommendations

PR O FE SSI O NA L EXP ER I E NC E
G.S.TAN & CO.
Audit & Account Associate

Singapore
November 2015 - Present

 Responsible for the execution of statutory audits in accordance with
Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (“SFRS”) and Singapore Standards
on Auditing (“SSAs”) on financial statements of private limited companies.
 Drafting of error free financial statement and ensure disclosure in the
financial statements are in compliance with approved accounting standards
and Company’s Act.
 Responsible for the execution of statutory audits in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and International
Standards on Auditing (“IAS”) on financial statements of private limited and
public listed companies
 Identification of internal control weaknesses and provide practical
recommendations for improvements of internal controls and process
efficiencies
 Responsible in managing full set of book-keeping, GST reporting,
computation of personal tax and company tax.

ASUS GLOBAL PTE LTD

Singapore

Customer Service Executive

November 2014 – October 2015



Account Receivables management includes keeping track of customer's
payment records and issuance of weekly account receivable statement



Aggressively follow up, coordinate and closely monitor shipments from
worldwide manufacturing sites to ensure all deliveries are smoothly made.



Prepare and process export shipping documents for letter of credit shipments
and negotiate with banks. Monitor transactions and follow through until
payment received.

AMBER RESOURCES SDN BHD

Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

Part time Account Assistant

2010 - 2012



Preparing payment vouchers, issuance cheques and report to account
manager.



AR/AP data entry and performing bank reconciliation.

ED UC A TI ON A N D T EC HNI C A L P R OFI C I ENC I E S
Wealth Academy Investor (Fundamental & Technical Investment skills)
Adam Khoo Learning Technologies Group, Singapore

2016

The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)
In Progress: - 4 papers left upon completion
Advanced Diploma in Business Studies (Accounting)

Present
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

Tunku Abdul Rahman University College, School of Business Studies
Diploma in Business Studies (Accounting)

2012 – 2014

Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

Tunku Abdul Rahman University College, School of Business Studies

2010 – 2012

Technical Skills:
Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook), MYOB, Sage UBS, Audit Express, Tax
Office, ThinkorSwim, Chartnexus
Languages:
English, Chinese, Bahasa Melayu, Cantonese

A D DI TI ON A L I N FO MA TI O N
Willing to relocate
Availability
Current salary
Expected salary

: Yes
: 2 months’ notice
: SGD 2,500
: SGD 3,000

