Ng Wei Feng
kennynwf@hotmail.sg
Block 189C, Rivervale Drive,
#04-992, Singapore 543189

+65-98193305

EDUCATION
National University of Singapore
Faculty of Social Sciences
Bachelor of Social Sciences (2nd Class Honours)
Major in Economics and Minor in Business Administration

Jun 08 – Jun 12

Coursework: Investment Analysis & Portfolio Management, Financial Economics, Financial Accounting
and Econometrics etc.

Lund University
Jan 10 – Jun 10
School of Economics and Management
Participated in an overseas exchange program and gained international exposure in Sweden
Tampines Junior College
Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education (Advanced Level)
Distinctions in Economics and Mathematics

Jan 04 – Dec 05

WORK EXPERIENCE
Schroder Investment Management (Singapore) Ltd
Aug 14 – Present
Lead Technical Specialist, Operations Onboarding
 Coordinate portfolio transitional projects such as new client on-boarding, in-species
transfer, termination and restructuring from an operational perspective
 Main liaison point in Asia Pacific between internal stakeholders (e.g. Front Office,
Operations, Legal, Compliance, Fund Services and IT) and other relevant external parties
(e.g. appointed Custodians, Fund Administrators and Brokers) during transition projects
 Provide project management services to better enable the company to take on new
institutional business, meet clients’ objectives and launch new fund products as efficiently
as possible, in a time-efficient, risk-controlled, client-focused, and cost-effective manner
 Act as an interface between the Client Management/Product Development teams and the
Operation teams to minimize operational exceptions. Where possible, seek to positively
educate clients to adopt company’s standard operating model. Where not possible, deliver
alternate and scalable solutions to meet clients’ objectives.
 Review Investment Management Agreements and flag out any operational anomalies.
 Work closely with portfolio management team to understand any new mandate’s market &
account requirements and ensure that the portfolio will be operationally ready for inception.
 Conceptualize, understand, document and communicate newly implemented business
processes to all impacted teams
Manulife Asset Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Jul 12 – Jul 14
Executive, Investment Operations
 Fund Operations: Reasonableness check on daily Fund valuations and ensure timely price
reporting. Review and collate daily subscriptions & redemptions for reporting to Front
Office. Ensure accurate placement of trade orders with Transfer Agents. Daily cash
management and escalate potential overdraft to Portfolio Managers and management.









Trade Operations: Process Equities, Fixed Income, Money Markets, Forwards, Cross
Currency Swaps and Futures transactions. Liaise with brokers and custodians to ensure
trades are settled accurately, timely and completely. Process Corporate Actions with
counterparties and Back Office. Perform account opening with various counter-parties.
Ensure new securities and funds are set up appropriately in internal systems. Review daily
checks on cash and position reconciliations. Prepare quarterly broker reviews.
Product Support: Generate monthly Fund performance peer comparison reports for internal
management reporting and had to analyze various discrepancies in Funds performance.
Collate and process information for production of monthly fund factsheets.
Participated in a three-month attachment with the Product Advisory and Product
Development teams and was involved in the launch of the Manulife Asia Pacific Investment
Grade Bond Fund.
Participated in a three-month attachment with the Institutional Sales team and was
involved in the preparation of presentation decks and monthly client reporting.

NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative Limited
May 11 – Jul 11
Intern, Finance (Credit Control)
 Liaised with real estate valuators to obtain indicative valuations for over 200 properties.
Derived and analyzed loan-to-valuation data for reverse mortgage loan cases.
Summarized trend and highlighted any anomalies.
 Participated in an aging and impairment report exercise. Gave feedbacks to reduce
process time for computation of these reports. Provided management with a report about
the process and the impact of various anomalies on Profit and Loss Statement.
LEADERSHIP POSITIONS
National University of Singapore
Jun 09 – Aug 09
King Edward VII Hall Flag Committee (Vice Head)
 Headed the Operations and Publicity Department with 12 members in total. Planned fund
raising activities and coordinated almost 200 residents to solicit on National University of
Singapore Students’ Union Flag Day.
 Raised more than $40,000 for beneficiaries and won the Flag Day Silver Award.
National University of Singapore
Aug 08 – May 09
King Edward VII Hall Soccer Team (Vice Captain)
 Organized and supervised the trainings of Male team consisting more than 20 players.
 Fostered team spirit through various team bonding activities
.
AWARDS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS






Bloomberg Essentials Training Program: Equity, Fixed Income
Dec 10
NUS Awards for Study Abroad (Student Exchange Awards)
Jan 10 – Jun 10
King Edward VII Hall Outstanding Freshmen (Block Committee)
Aug 08 – May 09
Nanyang Technological University Business Finance (E-learning Course)
Oct 08
st
1 in Class for GCE ‘A’ Levels
Dec 05

LANGUAGES AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SKILLS




English – Fluent, Mandarin – Fluent
Proficient in Microsoft Office and Adobe Creative Suite 3
Basic knowledge of Bloomberg and Morningstar

