MICHELLE DAPHNE PEREIRA
Curriculum Vitae
BIODATA
Date of Birth
Nationality
Education
Institute
Field of Study
Level

: 6th December 1989
: Malaysian
: Diploma in Accountancy
: SEGI COLLEGE, SUBANG JAYA
: Finance / Accountancy / Banking
: Management - Assistant Manager

Career Objective:
To seek a career where my passion and experience will be utilize to the maximum
capacity by the organization resulting in the growth of the organization. In the process, I
am determine to add value to my profile and acquire additional skills which will allow me
to grow in today’s dynamic environment as to become a competent person. In addition
to that, I am looking for a position in an office environment where there is a need for a
variety of office management tasks including computer knowledge, organizational
abilities, business intelligence and database program used.
SKILL SETS AND KEY COMPETENCY












Account Management
Client Management
Communication strategy
Engagement with key stakeholders
In depth Analytic Skills

Process Improvement
Provide technical accounting knowledge to counterparts
Team Management
Client Service
Coaching

p.michelle.daphne@gmail.com
+6012-3019471
NO. 10, JALAN 8C/6, TAMAN SETAPAK INDAH, 53300 KUALA LUMPUR

CAREER SUMMARY


STANDARD CHARTERED GLOBAL BUSINESS SERVICES NOVEMBER 2014 - PRESENT
(formally known as Scope Internationl (M) Sdn Bhd)




Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) Investor Services May 2012 - October 2014
HSBC Data Processing Center October 2009 - May 2012

CAREER HISTORY
STANDARD CHARTERED GLOBAL BUSINESS SERVICES

April 2016 to Present

(formally known as Scope International (M) Sdn Bhd)

Assistant Manager
Fund Accounting
Key Clients : Singapore - Fund Services & Malaysia Trustee
Key Roles : Assist to supervise a team in performing portfolio valuation NAV prices
computation and other fund administration works daily
Check valuation reports and other fund administration works to ensure
that they are correctly prepared
Maintaining a high degree of accuracy and consistency in preparation of
daily reporting and ensure that the pricing/valuation process are adhered
to audit procedures and ensure service standards are met.
Deal with issues and queries from clients in a professional and timely
manner.
Manage and monitor the timing and quality of client deliverable
Follow and perform control as specified in the Procedure Manual and
ensure comply with in all relevant work processes.
Prompt escalation to Team Head or Department Head for any issues
identified.
Strong sense on risk awareness and supervise the team members to
ensure they always comply with regulation and company’s policy and
procedures.
p.michelle.daphne@gmail.com
+6012-3019471
NO. 10, JALAN 8C/6, TAMAN SETAPAK INDAH, 53300 KUALA LUMPUR

Participate in UAT for any new system enhancement prior to production.
Participate in those tasks or projects as assigned by Department Head
from time to time and take accountability.

STANDARD CHARTERED GLOBAL BUSINESS SERVICES

November 2014 to March 2016

(formally known as Scope International (M) Sdn Bhd)

Team Lead
Fund Accounting
Key Roles : Reporting and control of primary accounting records
* Preparing fund investment performance information
* Management Reporting
* Preparing weekly reconciliations of balance sheet accounts,
* Indirectly supporting fund managers through the oversight team in the
home country
* Client reporting; liaising with internal/external stakeholders.
Assist Manager in ad-hoc and admin task
To produce an accurate NAV’ for your allocated funds. Ensuring
consistency & accuracy.
Responsible for production & delivery of prices for your allocated funds.
Meeting tight deadlines & SLA timings.
Proceed monthly control procedure.
To review the update of income, expenses & taxation accruals on a daily
basis.
To ensure that all needed data for NAV calculation are available and quality
ensured (corporate action, pricing)
Ensure reconciliations are complete & outstanding items are investigated
& cleared. Complete and review the Performance fees calculation ( if
applicable)
Adhere to all regulatory requirements.

p.michelle.daphne@gmail.com
+6012-3019471
NO. 10, JALAN 8C/6, TAMAN SETAPAK INDAH, 53300 KUALA LUMPUR

Create and maintain detail and status of any issues/events.
Keep logs of items outstanding and any manual transmissions sent. (E.g.:
emails and faxes)
Maintain strong working knowledge of the various accounting policies for
different fund types.
Liaise with custodians/3rd Parties etc to obtain important information
required for the client
Positive Achievement:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

Was sent to Jakarta for 3 weeks on a Short term assignment in March 2015.
Was promoted to as Assistant Manager after 1 year 4 months.
Involved In various process improvement projects that managed to reduced the TAT
Received a Value Champion Award in 2017.
Have NIL resignation to date

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA (RBC) Investor Services

May 2012 - October 2014

Junior Executive
FundAccouting

Key Roles : Responsible for the production of an accurate net asset value for the entire
fund range. Inclusive but not limited to Hedge Funds, -, UCITS Funds.
Official Valuation can be daily, weekly, bi monthly or monthly. Effective
controls and processes must be implemented & managed in order to
maintain accurate records within the Funds business, business risk to be
identified, managed & mitigated. All audit and regulatory requirements
must be clearly satisfied and key service level agreements met. This is
evidenced through the timely & accurate production & dispatch of Fund
Pricing.
Have worked with Singapore, Hong Kong and Italian funds. Exposed to
complex instruments such as Inflation Linked Bond, ABS/MBS bonds,
complex corporate action.
Operational Duties and Service Delivery

p.michelle.daphne@gmail.com
+6012-3019471
NO. 10, JALAN 8C/6, TAMAN SETAPAK INDAH, 53300 KUALA LUMPUR

To produce an accurate NAV’ for your allocated funds. Ensuring consistency
& accuracy.
Responsible for production & delivery of prices for your allocated funds.
To review the update of income, expenses & taxation accruals on a daily
basis.
To ensure that all needed data for NAV calculation are available and quality
ensured (corporate action, pricing)
Ensure reconciliations are complete & outstanding items are investigated &
cleared. Complete and review the Performance fees calculation (if
applicable)
Adhere to all regulatory requirements.
Create and maintain detail and status of any issues/events.
Keep logs of items outstanding and any manual transmissions sent. (E.g.:
emails and faxes)
Maintain strong working knowledge of the various accounting policies for
different fund types.
Liaise with custodians/3rd Parties etc to obtain important information
required for the client
Teamwork
Provide relief to the team where there is staff absenteeism or annual leave.
Participate in-group discussion and suggest enhancements to your role and
processes where improvement could be gained.
Support key quality and productivity initiatives
Support the identification of new technology and operational processes to
effectively reduce cost, increase quality of service and ensure accuracy
Relationship Management
Build productive relationships with internal departments, and create
working relationships.
Log any operational issues and give feedback on performance.

p.michelle.daphne@gmail.com
+6012-3019471
NO. 10, JALAN 8C/6, TAMAN SETAPAK INDAH, 53300 KUALA LUMPUR

Record out-of-SLA servicing and advise Manager for escalation
Risk Management
Ensure all procedures are documented, maintained, and adhered to.
Identify any potential claims as they occur and escalate issues to
management.

Positive Achievements:
1. Voted Best Fund Accountant by Peers
2. Successfully migrated the MIlan project
3. Involved in various process improvement projects

HSBC DATA PROCESSING CENTER

October 2009 - May 2012

Global Support Executive
Credit Approval & Risk Management (CARM)
Key Roles :
Credit Approval and Risk Management (CARM)
Credit and Risk is an end-to-end credit risk management Service Delivery platform for
operating entities across the HSBC Group in commercial banking and personal finance
business segments. The functional footprint spans across the entire Credit Risk
Management value chain, starting from preparation and on-boarding of credit
application in the bank’s system, credit appraisal and approval followed by credit
disbursement, risk monitoring, control and management.
1. Credit Appraisal & Approval
Includes all types of credit appraisal and approval functions (Scored, program based and
judgemental).
2. Credit Operations
Includes credit information collation, application preparation (CARM and other
systems/forms), limit loading, facility/account maintenance, facility offer letter
preparation, loan processing, disbursement, credit help desk, regulatory operations (like
Basel-II) and related credit operations functions.
3. Management of High Risk & Problem Exposure
p.michelle.daphne@gmail.com
+6012-3019471
NO. 10, JALAN 8C/6, TAMAN SETAPAK INDAH, 53300 KUALA LUMPUR

Management and reporting of high risk and problem exposure (including default) cases.
Includes credit recovery function as well.
4. Credit Risk Monitoring & Control
Credit risk identification, review and control; portfolio management & reporting, credit
policy, credit audit and credit analytic.
5. Key Responsibilities
1. Provide high quality professional and courteous service to achieve maximum
customer satisfaction
2. Be responsible for setting and maintenance of processing standards and ensuring
productivity and quality standards are met.
3. Assess credit worthiness of both personal and business customers based in the UK.
4. Achieve and exceed relevant process targets in line with business objectives
5. Acquire and update knowledge on the process, procedures and products on an
ongoing basis
6. Support achievement of team objectives
7. Exhibit ownership of the business
8. Contribute to the creation of a supportive work environment driven by people centric
values
9. Delight external customers by providing excellent service to Relationship
Managers/Assistant Relationship Managers.
10. Produce MI as required
11. Familiar with IMEX system, CARM system, HUB & LEM system, IBM Lotus Notes &
sametime.

p.michelle.daphne@gmail.com
+6012-3019471
NO. 10, JALAN 8C/6, TAMAN SETAPAK INDAH, 53300 KUALA LUMPUR

REFERENCE
REENA ANN
Manager
Malayan Banking Berhad
Menara Maybank
100 Jalan Tun Perak
50050 Kuala Lumpur
Malaysia
Telephone : + 6017-2381307
AMIR FAKHRI
ASSISTANT MANAGER
STANDARD CHARTERED GLOBAL BUSINESS SERVICES
WISMA STANDARD CHARTERED
Jalan Teknologi 8,
Taman Teknologi Malaysia,
57000 Kuala Lumpur,
Malaysia
Telephone : + 6012-9207613

p.michelle.daphne@gmail.com
+6012-3019471
NO. 10, JALAN 8C/6, TAMAN SETAPAK INDAH, 53300 KUALA LUMPUR

