Kevin AU Chun Kei
Monash Commerce Graduate & Current CPA Australia ASA

Phone: 0413 351 438

Email: kevinauck@gmail.com

LinkedIn: kevinauck

Education
Aug.2016 – Present

CPA Australia
Ethics and Governance (Dec.2016)
Financial Reporting & Strategic Management Accounting (Jun.2017)

Feb.2013 – Dec.2016

Monash University (Clayton Campus), Australia, Bachelor of Commerce,
Majoring in Accounting and Finance with average grade of Credit.
Employment Experience

Jul. 2016 – Present



General accounting, book-keeping, budgeting and administrative and management support for
a startup music business with growth of number of students from 20 to 120 in 6 months
Solving customers enquiries, offer translation and facilitate communication between instructors
and customers in English, Cantonese, and Mandarin.

Dec.2013 – Feb.2014



Office Assistant, Accounting Assistant and Receptionist, Cantabile
School of Music, Melbourne

Audit Intern, KPMG, Shenzhen

Deliver and perform accurate and timely assigned audit preparation tasks and documentation
Translate the final audit report from Chinese to English which was to be delivered to the board
of directors of client

Aug.2013 – Present
Private Flute Tutor , Cantabile School of Music, Melbourne
 Prepare students for graded exams of the Australian Music Examination Board, in which all
exams taken by these students achieved all distinction and above
 Customize learning progress according to each students’ level and needs
 Training students and helping them build confidence for recitals and performances
Skill Profile







Organizational, interpersonal and team-working skills developed through planning and
organizing Voluntary Work under supervision of Rotarians and involvement in team sports,
while always demonstrating a strong sense of loyalty to the team as a team player
Tutoring youngsters and taking the leading and training roles in Music teams developed
leadership, people management and training skills;
As an intern of an auditing team and office assistant in the music school the ability to work
under pressure and quick learning skills deliver effective completion of assigned tasks;
Time-management skills and planning skills developed through designing customized
teaching schedule for each students as a flute tutor
Full professional proficiency use of English (with IELTS Band 7.5) and Chinese (both
Cantonese and Mandarin), shown ability to conduct verbal and written translation in Audit team
and translation team

Voluntary Work
Feb. 2017 - Present
Service Coordinator ,Church in Melbourne, Melbourne
 Participation in the establishment of a database network among multiple states and localities
 Manage and coordinate duties between service groups, such as roster planning and training
Aug. 2016
Open Day Ambassador , Monash University, Melbourne
 Assist zone leaders for the operation of the zone allocated in the Monash University Open Day
event and provide help and directions to prospect students and visitors on the event, solving
their enquires in English, Cantonese and Mandarin
Jul. 2016 – Dec.2016
Support Crew Member, Team Monash, Monash University, Melbourne
 Multiple roles in Monash Volunteering events, University and community sports events
Aug. 2015 - Present
Translation Team Member ,Church in Melbourne, Melbourne
 Responsible for simultaneous and radio-broadcast translation from English to Chinese and
vice versa in conference and meetings
Sept. 2009 – Sept. 2011




Treasurer & Executive Committee Rotarians Interact Club, Hong Kong

Responsible for preparing all financial statements and budgeting for the my period as
committee
In charge of organizing and planning joint-school volunteering events and trips in local regions
(HK) and rural cities of China
Coordinate with social workers of related organizations and report periodically to Rotarians
supervisors
Extracurricular Activities

Dec.2012 – Jan. 2017


Polytechnic University of Hong Kong Student Union Choir, Guest
Conductor and member
Participate in performances, advisory roles in choir rehearsals and training future student
conductors and new members

Mar. 2014 – Sept. 2014

Monash University kendo Club, Victorian Kendo Championship and
Australian University Games Team Member
Interest





Music: Well trained in flute, violin, vocal and piano. Engaged leading roles in 8 different music
teams and participated in more than 20 competitions in Hong Kong, individually and in teams.
Also had been invited as conductor for university choirs and high-school ensembles, and as
Concert master of an Alumni Orchestra
Sports: Solid foundation in multiple individual and team sports. Always keen to learn new
sports while building a healthy lifestyle. Strong interest in Kendo (5th Kyu) and hiking
Reference
(Upon request)

