Parthia Fung Curriculum Vitae

Personal Particulars
Name:​ Parthia Fung
Gender:​ Female

Contact details:
Number: 6439 8171
Email:​ ​parthiafung@gmail.com

Qualification description:

Qualification

Institution

Date Completed

B-com Accounting

University of Pretoria

01/01/2011

CTA

University of Pretoria

01/01/2012

Languages
English – Fluent
Cantonese- Fluent
Mandrin – Fluent
Afrikaans- Basic

Awards and membership of professional bodies​:
Qualified chartered accountant , holding membership with the South Africa Chartered Accountant association which has mutual
recognition agreement with Hong Kong CPA.

Personal assets
My personal assets include:
➢ Willingness to learn
➢ Flexible and ability to work under pressure
➢ Quick Learning, adaptability to different work environments and circumstances
➢ Self confident and believe in smart and hard work

​Work

history​- ​Articles Experience

1.PWC South Africa​: January 2013 – December 2015
Senior Associate in the (TICE) Technology, Information, Communications and Entertainment division.

Major Clients handled include:

Client

Type of Industry

MTN Limited Group

Group company listed in the telecommunications sector

Tsogo Sun Holdings Limited Group

Group company listed in the hotels, gaming and entertainment sector.

Sodexo Southern Africa

Entity operating in the catering industry

Clinix Health Academy and Clinix Health Agency

Entity operating in the health and hospitality industry

Sasol Wax

Entity operating in the wax industry

Kagiso Shanduka Trust

A non profit organization

RMCS

Entity operating in the telecommunications sector

Responsibilities in the above audit assignments include​:
>​Audit work on the consolidation of large group companies in the telecommunications, hotels and entertainment sectors
>Providing coaching, mentoring and guidance to the junior team members in order to get the work done
>Assist in leading and managing the team by obtaining regular updates on the progress of the team , providing coaching where
necessary and reassigning and reallocating work in the team to other members of the team who has more capacity in order to meet
deadlines.
>Assist in following the audit from planning to completion and assessing performance to the planned budget as well as any overruns
and inefficiencies during the audit.
.
>Assist in communicating with the client, providing the client with updates on the progress of the audit, following up with outstanding.
>Delegating appropriate work to junior members of staff, reviewing their work, providing them with guidance on work performed
>Keeping up-to-date with any changes or planned changes to the applicable accounting framework, IFRS and Tax standards and
understanding their impact upon the audit strategy.
>•Building and maintaining client relationships at the appropriate level and present a favorable impression of the firm
> outsourced to data analysis team and facilitated and managed junior team members and was involved with a few financial model audit
projects.

2. Working holiday (contractor for various firms/companies including VAGO in Melbourne as a contract accountant)January—December 2016

Computer Literacy
Working knowledge of Ms-office packages, the Internet and Pastel.

Interest and hobbies:
Interests and hobbies include traveling, reading and listening to music

References
Available upon request

