Cheryl Lau, CPA (Aust.)
Address: Rm 1321, Heng Hoi House, Heng On Estate, Ma On Shan, Shatin, N.T.
Mobile: (852) 6991-6036
Email: cheryl.tylau@gmail.com

KEY SKILLS SUMMARY
Well-organised and dedicated CPA, who can meet strict deadlines and has high adaptability.
Had worked in Australia for more than 3 years, then returned to HK in 2016. Currently employed as an Assistant
Accountant for AECOM, managing and overseeing the work processes and quality of the outsourcing service provider,
at the same time supervising an in-house Accounts Payable team of the shared service centre, I am proven to be a
strong communicator, work well in teams from different backgrounds and cultures.
Accounting Systems:

Experienced user of Oracle, Sage 300 ERP/ Sage ERP Accpac, Concur Expense.

Microsoft Excel Skills:

Excellent Excel skills including VLOOKUP and PivotTable techniques etc.

Languages:

Native Cantonese speaker.
Fluent in written and spoken English & Chinese/ Mandarin.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Assistant Accountant, Accounts Payable (Full-time)
Aecom Asia Company Limited, Hong Kong

July 2016 – Current

Responsibilities
 Under the Global Business Services (Procure to Pay) team based in Hong Kong, review Accounts
Payable day-to-day transactions and activities for Hong Kong and South East Asia.
 For Hong Kong transactions, manage and oversee the work performed by the outsourcing service
provider.
 Arrange payments and perform bank reconciliation of a Joint Venture account.
 Review to ensure payments to our sub-consultants are released in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Service Level Agreement.
 For South East Asia regions including Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam, supervise an inhouse Accounts Payable team of the shared service centre based in Kuala Lumpur office, review
and post all AP transactions.
 Enforce company payment policy and internal compliance.
 Resolve complex enquiries from staff and external suppliers.
Achievements
 Created process instructions, process charts and checklists to reduce employee errors.
 Streamlined processes at work by liaising with various stakeholders to review the existing work
flow, and implement continuous improvement and process enhancement.
Sales & Billing Coordinator (Full-time)
Learning Seat Pty Ltd, Melbourne Australia

May 2014 – May 2016

Responsibilities
1. Accounts Payable
 Processed accurate and timely payment to vendors and staff expenditure reimbursements.
 Reviewed travel entertainment claims against the company policy and procedure.
 Performed monthly bank reconciliations, corporate credit cards reconciliations and petty cash
reconciliations.
Cheryl Lau – (852) 6991-6036

Page 1 of 2

2. Accounts Receivable and Credit Management:
 Assisted Financial Controller with the preparation of monthly accrual of sales revenue.
 Reviewed and analysed Accounts Receivable Aged Trial Balance, followed up on overdue invoices
through direct contact with debtors.
3. Collaboration and Data Integrity Protection
 Provided assistance to Sales Team and Finance Team with administration requirements of the
organisation’s CRM software – Salesforce, ensured accuracy and correct processes are followed.
 Set up and maintained a full client contract database to track all aspects that may impact the billing
cycle, ensured all contractual monies are billed.
 Conducted audit of all new sales and renewals to ensure sales data integrity.
Accounting and Compliance Officer (Full-time)
The Academy of International Education, Melbourne Australia

Nov 2012 – Apr 2014

Responsibilities
1. Financial Control
 Responsible for the operation and balancing of the cash receipt system on a daily basis, including
the handling and receipting of cash, cheques and credit card payments.
 Processed supplier invoices.
 Maintained petty cash and regular reconciliation.
 Maintained proper accounting records and filing systems.
2. Quality Assurance
 Implemented quality policies and procedures as per delegations.
 Participated in procedural compliance audits and other internal audits.
 Maintained administration records that monitor business improvements and audit issues.
 Managed and monitored the organisation’s student management system – aXcelerate.

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
CPA Australia
 Certified Public Accountant since June 2017.
Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting and Finance)
Jul 2010 – Jul 2012
Deakin University, Melbourne Australia
 Graduated with Distinction.
 Member of Golden Key International Honour Society – membership into the Society is by invitation only and
applies to the top 15% of students based on academic achievement.

CURRENT & EXPECTED SALARY
Current Salary:
Expected Salary:

HKD 20,400 per month
HKD 25,000 per month

DATE OF AVAILABILITY
One month’s notice required.

Cheryl Lau – (852) 6991-6036

Page 2 of 2

