JEFFREY A. BALBIN
Contact No: 95493890
email: jeffbalbin@yahoo.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE:
Looking for an opportunity wherein I can exercise my combine knowledge of accounting concept,
fund accounting reconciliation, and net asset valuation.
CAREER SUMMARY:
A Fund Accountant with broad knowledge in day-to-day production and validation of Net Asset
Value (NAV) for group of funds across Asian market. Expertise includes cash and position reconciliation,
income validation, expense processing, asset pricing, trades processing, and corporate action monitoring.
Proven to be independent and self motivated individual willing to work and manage multiple tasks in
pressured environment.
CAREER EXPERIENCE: JP MORGAN CHASE & CO (Feb 2009 to present)
HONG KONG BRANCH:
Fund Accountant - Associate: HK NAV Oversight (Nov 2015 to present)
❖ Oversees the NAV production of more than 200 daily and monthly funds making it sure that all funds
are delivered on time and accurate.
❖ Weekly preparation of metrics report that will be submitted to Sydney for compilation and to be use by
upper management in their breaks management call across Asia Pacific.
❖ Serve as an escalation point for any issues encountered by different hubs that is strategically located in
four different cities.
❖ Highlights: Successfully on-boarded one of the biggest HK client from another custodian bank.
MANILA OFFICE:
Fund Accountant - Associate: HK NAV Validation (Feb 2015 - Nov 2015)
❖ Responsible in assessing the team member’s development area and recommending improvements by
coaching through monthly one-on-one and asking for feedback.
❖ Participate in the employee’s performance evaluation both for mid year and yearend rating and making
it sure that each employee gets their deserve rating.
❖ Lead the weekly meeting like the business process management and manager’s meeting.
❖ Achievement: Recipient of Extra-Miler Awardee - 2015 Qtr 1.

Fund Accountant - Team Leader: HK NAV Validation (Feb 2011 to Feb 2015)
❖ Assist the Associate in managing three FTE and in control of daily and monthly NAV production to
Oversight.
❖ Participate in the on-boarding of new client to JP Morgan making it sure that all the account set up are
completed in agreed timeline.
❖ Serve as the the subject matter expert and training champion
❖ Achievements:
✓ Manager stretch role was offered on early 2014 and taking the full management role, eventually
promoted on Feb 2015.
✓ Q4 2014 CIB CAO Excellence Award winner - High Performing Teams Category. A global award
across JP Morgan that were given to employee with exemplary performance.
Fund Accountant: Summary Description and Function
❖ Corporate Actions: We investigate and validate the terms, price, and client instruction of all types of
corporate actions declared and making it sure that it is reflected in all accounts that holds the asset.
❖ Asset Pricing: We make sure that all the securities held are quoted based on the pricing hierarchy
provided by client. Any exceptions that will be captured by the system should be validated through a
valid vendor or third party source.
❖ Income: All income payments and accruals ex dated in any third party source both for fixed income
and equity securities must be accounted for to validate the accuracy of cash or receivables.
❖ Trades: All trades executed by client or fund manager must be reflected in accounting to make sure
that the receivables or payables are not under/overstated.
❖ Futures: Trades in the broker statement must all be accounted and open positions should tie. Open
positions are quoted at current market value and daily MTMs are properly reflected.
❖ Account Set up: The set up of all newly bought securities are cross check with vendor sources
especially if it is flagging as exception or breaking the tolerance.
❖ Transfer Agency: We make sure that the subscription and redemption on the fund are properly
reflected before signing off the unit price to the client.
Fund Accounting Specialist - Dallas Fund Accounting (Feb 2009 to Feb 2011)
❖ Serve as the Subject Matter Expert and training champion for newly hired employees.
❖ Responsible in matching and coding those outstanding breaks in the system and assigning them to
responsible hubs.
❖ Researching and correcting discrepancies between accounting and custody books and reflecting all
those missing transactions.
❖ Providing answers to the queries of Fund Accountant if the books are not balance before the NAV is
release to the clients.
❖ Support the team leader in the objective to provide top quality operation in support to the global
business by identifying areas of operations that require improvements.
❖ Achievement: Promoted as a Team Leader after two years of service - joining the firm as a fresh
graduate.

