SZETO Kwun Wai, Catherine
Contact: 9285 4152
catherine.kw.szeto@gmail.com

Professional Summary
 Qualified accountant with comprehensive experiences in auditing of top-tier banking, insurance,
asset management, Hong Kong and China listed companies.
 Strong technical skills in Microsoft excel and analytical skills.
 Proven ability to work under pressure and meeting deadlines.
 Exceptional communication skills with fluency in English, Mandarin and Cantonese.
 Leadership experiences in team size up to 8 members

Education and Professional Qualifications:
 Lingnan University Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons)
Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons) Accounting Stream
 Member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (CPA)
 Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists (CAMS)

Sep 2007 – June 2010
Since 2014
Since 2016

Work Experience:
PricewaterhouseCoopers Hong Kong
Senior Associate Year 3 - Financial Services (Higher Performer)
Jul 2014 – Dec 2016
Managerial experience:
 Met and liaised with senior management and directors to understand and discuss business and
regulatory updates.
 Prepared reports including budgeting costs and planning team structures; reviewed prior year audit
approach and performed interim activities for final audit.
 Supervised the performance of team members; monitored audit progress and deadlines.
 Private equity funds
 Performed review of various private equity funds audit with AUM over US$2b under US GAAP.
 Reviewed the value of level 3 unlisted equity investments as at year ended by understanding,
analyzing and assessing their investment background, invested shares and capital and
management’s valuation.
 Evaluated the liquidity risk for unlisted investment by performing research on their litigation
position, reading news published by independent third parties and discussing with management.
 Led a team of 3 to review the Limited Partnership Agreement, re-performed the management fees
and performance fees and re-calculated the organizational costs capitalized permitted.
 Hedge funds
 Performed valuation review for various listed and unlisted equity investment, debt securities,
exchange traded funds from level 1 to 3 investments and their leveling transfer according to IFRS.
 Analyzed the market competitive, regulatory and macro-economic environment in HK, Mainland,
Asia-Pacific and Cayman Island.
 Evaluated the risk clients faced on terms of market, currency, credit, regulatory, leverage and its
investment strategy.

Page 1 of 2

Work Experience (Continued):
PricewaterhouseCoopers Hong Kong (Continued)
Senior Associate Year 3 - Financial Services (Higher Performer)
Jul 2014 – Dec 2016
 Fidelity Investment Funds; &
 Franklin Templeton MPF Investment Funds
 Acted as manager-in-charge in performing audit and assurance services for two Top-10 Hong Kong
MPF Funds according to Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes (General) Regulation, SFC Code of
Unit Trust and Mutual Fund, HKFRS and other regulations.
 Lead meetings with Department Heads in Hong Kong, Singapore and Australia on cash and
investment reconciliation cycle, investment purchase and sales cycle, share subscription and
redemption cycle, NAV reporting cycle and investment restriction control cycle.
 Designed and performed procedures to ensure proper accounting and other records were kept in
respect of the Approved Pooled Investment Funds’ assets and all financial transactions were
entered appropriately.
 Audit engagement to bit
 Acted as manager-in-charge in preparing audit engagement proposal for a newly set-up private
equity fund.
 Assisted Engagement Leader in providing high level assessment of accounting choices in view of
consolidation or “fair value” consideration under IFRS or US GAAP, preparing illustrative
financial statements to demonstrate their differences and advising on the appropriateness of the
adoption.
 Participated in initial meeting with Partner and Principal in private equity fund and Engagement
Leader in Audit and Assurance, Hong Kong Taxation and PRC Taxation practices to discuss
business plans, investment strategies and regulatory challenges.
 Coordinated with internal taxation department and prepared audit proposal to potential client.
Reason for leaving: Voluntary resignation, to explore industrial experience; Final salary: HK$50,507

MAZARS CPA Limited
Senior I
Jan 2014 – Jul 2014
 Unity Investments Holding Limited (HKEx 913)
 Performed review on existence, valuation and classification on investment portfolio hold.
 Identified and resolve accounting issues, drafted consolidated financial statements in comply with
the HKFRS and Listing Rules.
Reason for leaving: Received Big 4 offer

SHINGWING (HK) CPA Limited
Oct 2012 – Jan 2014
Staff Accountant II
 China National Materials Company Limited (HKEx 1893); &
 Shun Cheong Holding Limited (HKEx 650)
 Performed audit tasks and financial review and prepared financial reports according to the HKFRS.
 Performed GAAP adjustments between HKFRS and CHINA GAAP.
Reason for leaving: Received promotional offer

Expected salary: HK$43,000 – HK$45,000 (Negotiable)
Availability: 7 days notice

Page 2 of 2

