Yeo Ling Ling
PERSONAL PARTICULARS
NRIC No: S9090132Z
Marital Status: Single
Email Address: yeo_lingling@hotmail.com

Date of Birth: 05 July 1990
Contact: (+65) 93225922
Address: Blk 776, Yishun Ave 2,
#12-1593 S(760776)

CAREER OBJECTIVE
I would like to become part of a dynamic organization which provides me with the
opportunity to update my knowledge and enhance my skills, most importantly to exceed
expectations.
ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology
2011 – 2013
 Bachelor of Business (Economics and Finance) with Distinction
 High Distinction in Risk Management and Business Finance (Top 5% of the cohort)
 3 High Distinction and 9 Distinction
Nanyang Polytechnic
2007 – 2010
 Diploma in Banking & Financial Services, Specialized in (Fund Management &
Administration)
 Director’s List Academic Year 2008/2009 Semester 2
Outram Secondary School
 O level – L1R4= 14, Distinction in CCA

2003 – 2006

WORK EXPERIENCE
Equinoxe Alternative Investment Services (Asia) Pte. Limited
Aug 2016 – Present
Account Manager
 Experienced in a mixture of Mutual Fund, Fund of Fund, Master Feeder Structure Fund,
Hedge Fund and Private Equity Fund.
 Preparation of NAV Calculations, Partner/investor allocation calculations, including
incentive and management fee calculations, financial statements and associated reports
independently and within deadlines.
 Reviewing of NAV preparation for Junior fund accountants.
 Responsible for all the transfer agency functions.
 Instructing payment of expenses on behalf of the client’s fund.
 Client relationship management.
 Assisting auditors and other fund participants and advisers.
 Researching of accounting and tax issues.
 Other ad hoc requests as needed.

Citco Fund Services (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Oct 2014 – July 2016
Senior Fund Accountant
 Preparation of NAV Calculations, financial statements and associated reports to review
stage independently and within deadlines.
 Performing daily, monthly and year-end reconciliations for hedge funds.
 Working closely with the Fund Accountants to ensure deliverables are delivered within
deadlines and assisting them when they are in doubts;
 Assisting Account Manager in monitoring timely delivery of daily, weekly and monthly
deliverables;
 Escalate priority issues to supervisor and/or Account Manager in a timely and detailed
manner;
 Maintaining day to day relationships and support queries from both internal and external
clients such as Investment Managers, Brokers, Auditors and other fund participants.
 Training and coaching new Fund Accounting staff.
 Assisting with the first level review of work where necessary.
 Supporting Supervisor and Account Manager where required.
Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch
Feb 2013 – Sep 2014
Fund and Portfolio Accountant
 Specialised in Equity, Fixed Income Fund and derivatives like Futures.
 Responsible for NAV Reconciliation which includes diligent check on Pricing, Corporate
Actions, Dividend Review, Stock and Cash Reconciliations.
 Responsible for carrying out comparison tasks on NAV Reconciliation between our
portfolio accountant reports and client’s fund accountant report.
 Shoulders responsibilities like managing client portfolios, preparing broker reconciliation,
NAV calculation, preparing and timely delivery of accurate financial and accounts
statements and reports to client, documenting payments and other transactions.
 Carried out internal audits, preparing periodical reports pertaining to the performance of
the fund.
 Attended to queries of client and interact with fund managers, trustees and counterparties.
Vital (Ministry of Finance)
Apr 2010 – Jan 2013
Account Payable Officer
 Responsible for processing high volume of payments and journals for different agencies,
charge-in entry and resource accounting.
 Tasked to check statement of accounts, running reports and daily updating of key
performance indicators monitoring files.
 Assigned for follow ups of exception reports and enquiries, updating and maintaining
working instructions and warrants between company and agencies.
 Involved with annual Work Improvement Team (WITs) Project and been selected to be
leader and presenter for consecutive 3 years.
 Gained excellent time-management skills in meeting deadlines and working under
pressure in fast pace environment.

CO CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
Vital - Corporate Social Responsibility
 Selected to be leader for Environmental team under CSR.
 Organising and planning for activities related to Environmental for the company
employees to create awareness on the importance of Saving Earth. Activities such as
excursions, awareness talks and internal competition.
 Demonstrated event management skills to coordinate activities for the employees.
Vital – CE Tribal Challenge
 Initiated and coordinated many successful events, as the Committed Tribal Leader.
 Volunteered to design for the company tribal shirt for employees to wear on events.
 Enhanced on my communication skills, via sourcing and liaising with external and
internal customers.
Vital Snooker & Pool Team
 Team Leader
 Represented Ministry of Finance in Competitions across Government Board
Netball
 Distinction in CCA, CCA Leadership Awards
 Captain of the school team
 Represented the school in Inter-School South Zone Competitions
ADDITIONAL SKILLS
Languages: Fluent oral and written English and Mandarin
Office Software Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook
Databases: Familiar with the usage of Bloomberg, Multifonds, Aexeo, AXI, Geneva, Mantra
Customer Service: GEMS Certificate, Vital Star Award, Vital GEMS Certificate
Driving: Possess a Class 3A driving licence
Other: Event Management Skill

