PHILLIP SU KHANG CHIAW
Nationality: Singaporean
Phone: +65 9187 8100
Email: psu@tuta.io
(please email if unreachable via call)

PERSONAL DETAILS
Summary of key strengths:
-

Advanced Excel skills involving Pivot tables and formulas

-

Keen eye for detail in preparation of financial statements

-

IT savvy so learning new software/systems is not an issue

-

Proactive in improving processes through automation, and identification
and removal of redundant/inefficient workflows

-

Good work attitude, eager to share and teach knowledge with team
members

-

Exposure to MNC environment

I specialise in fund accounting encompassing NAV calculation, IFRS reporting, fees
and rebates calculation. At this stage, my career aim is to broaden my exposure to
learn and gain insights into different systems and processes. I keep an open mind
to identify improvements to existing processes, thereby striving to add value to
my workplace.
I have passed and completed all ACCA papers. I have worked with a EUR 57bn
AuM Swiss Private Equity firm where I have had the experience of handling the
NAV preparation of a EUR 2.5bn investment fund.
Prior to that I have been an external auditor where my portfolio clients are mainly
Chinese PRC companies listed on the SGX. I have 7+ years of relevant work
experience since obtaining my professional accounting qualification.

EDUCATION
2009

Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)
F1 to F9 (Part 1 & 2) ACCA

Fully exempted

P1 Professional Accountant
P2 Corporate Reporting
P3 Business Analysis
P5 Advanced Performance Management
P7 Advanced Audit and Assurance

Passed at first attempt
Passed at first attempt
Passed at first attempt
Passed at first attempt
Passed at first attempt

COMMERCIAL EXPERIENCE
Nov 2011 – Aug 2017
(5 years 9 months)

Senior Fund Accountant
PARTNERS GROUP (S) PTE LTD
- Calculate fund NAV, perform variance analysis, NAV reasonableness tests,
Hedge valuations, In-kind distribution valuations, monitor and manage
Accounts Receivable & Payable, Bank reconciliation, Prepayment and Accrual
reconciliations, Loan interest calculations, Reconciliation of Calls and
Distributions, Fee and rebate reconciliations, Related Party Financing
calculations, Blocker accounting, etc
- Review periodic NAV calculations prepared by junior accountants
- Responding to audit queries (fund level, group level, ISAE 3402)
- Responsible for calculation of private equity fees & rebates (e.g.
Management fees, Performance fees, Fund closing fees, Trueup/equalisation, Retrocessions, Double-layer fee accounting, etc)
- Liaise with legal department on structuring of LP fees and rebates, review of
legal contracts, e.g. LPA, IMA, PPM, Side Letters
- Validate calls/distributions in eFront
- Respond to investors' queries regarding NAV, fees, expenses
- Produce quarterly and annual financial reports to investors under IFRS,
Luxembourg GAAP, US GAAP
- Oversee fee and reporting legal compliance of funds
- Maintain department's Wiki pages for information sharing
Project involvements
Product measurement – compute & assign ratings to products based on their
complexities with the aim to achieve a fair portfolio allocation among accountants.
Education committee – internal training and educating on specialized topics such as
fees, within and outside of business unit.
System upgrade – performed UAT for in-house developed system for deployment of
new functions.
Wiki – design and create content for internal Wikipedia for sharing of information
within the firm.
Green office – idea was chosen for company's green office initiative, measured based
on feasibility, budget, practicality and impact.

May 2010
(1 year 6 months)

STRENGTHS

Audit Associate
CROWE HORWATH FIRST TRUST LLP
-

Job assignment mainly consists of external audits for SGX-Listed Companies
with operations in China

-

Industry exposure includes: IT & Telecommunications, Agriculture, Precision
Engineering/Manufacturing, Biotech
Responsibilities include performing: Statutory audits, Bank/Loan balance
validations, AR/AP tracking and confirmations, Inventory audit and
valuations, Asset valuations, Payroll testing and verification, Tax computation
and confirmation, Segment reporting, assisting in preparation of consolidated
FS, Related party rebalancing, Government grant, etc.

-

Proficient in Microsoft Excel for data mining, pivot table analysis

-

Fluent in English and Mandarin (spoken and written)

-

Savvy with IT systems (eFront, Siebel, Oracle Abacus, Genius)

-

Attention to details in preparation of financial statements

HOBBIES

Chess, FPL analytics

AVAILABILITY

Immediate

