FOONG Wan Ching
Mobile:
Email:
LinkedIn Profile:
efinancialcareers:

9092 2080
foong.wanching@gmail.com
https://sg.linkedin.com/in/wan-ching-foong-52a885124
Searchable

WORKING EXPERIENCE
Audit Senior
Ernst & Young LLP (Financial Services department)

March 2014 – Present

 Main clientele includes private equity funds, hedge funds, fund managers and established
banks.
 Developed in-depth understanding on fund accounting, specifically on closed-end and openend fund structure, master and feeder fund structure, equalization accounting, carried interest
waterfall structure, hurdle rate and high water mark performance fee calculation and capital
account allocation.
 Headed the audit team by providing on-field coaching to assistants, delegating tasks based on
experience and rank, performing detailed reviews, solving issues. Always committed to meet
timeline and proactively keep manager and partner updated on the progress.
 Advocated strong client relationships through effective communications throughout the
period of engagement and through formal kick-off meetings and closing presentations.
 Performed ISAE 3402 and 17f5 audit to give assurance on controls at custody, clearing and
fund services for multiple overseas locations of a foreign full bank.
 Performed compliance review for Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) requirements
on Capital Markets Services Licence and Registered Fund Management Companies and other
risk management requirements such as anti-money laundering, customer due diligence,
outsourcing, base capital, fit & proper and business continuity management.
 Completed several MAS special audit by acting as MAS appointed inspectors, areas of
inspection includes anti-money laundering, customer due diligence, customers’ tax risk
review and handling of customers’ assets.
Audit Assistant
Ernst & Young LLP and EH Luar & Co

April 2012 – January 2014

 Performed statutory audits for MNCs and local companies in various industries such as
construction, shipping, logistics, charity, private education provider, market research, retail
and trading.
 Performed agreed-upon procedures audits such as GST compliance and solicitors’ accounts
rules audit, cash count and lucky draw.
 Performed corporate income tax computation for statutory submission.
 Familiar with percentage-of-completion revenue recognition, FIFO inventory valuation, stock
counts procedures and GST reporting.

FOONG Wan Ching
Accounts Officer
Watson E. P. Industries Pte Ltd

May 2011 – March 2012

 Handled accounts receivables, jobs included maintaining up-to-date billings, chasing
collections, solving customers’ queries, maintaining customers’ files, preparing collection
forecast report and debtors’ aging report.
 Assisted in activity-based cost accounting for inventory valuation, both actual and standard
cost accounting, jobs included collecting cost data from departmental managers, performing
calculations and keeping proper documentation for audit purposes.
 Monitored monthly sales recognition and preparing sales statistics reports for management
and EDB surveys.
 Prepared reconciliations of accounts and processed adjustments for payroll, sales recognition
and exchange rates.
 Assisted in monitoring of foreign exchange rates and entered FOREX spot and forward
contracts.
 Furnished output GST reports and handled quarterly GST submissions.
 Handled application of letters of credit and trust receipts and disbursements of petty cash.
 Assisted in preparing of audit schedules and solving audit queries regarding to inventory and
accounts receivable.

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
Aug 2014

Associate Member of Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountant (“ISCA”)

Jun 2014

Member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (“ACCA”)

Jan 2014

ACCA Affiliate – successfully completed 15 fundamental and professional papers on
part-time basis in 2.5 years

Apr 2011

Diploma in Accountancy from Ngee Ann Polytechnic, Singapore. During my 3 years
in Ngee Ann Polytechnic, I have been awarded Best Performance in Company Law
& Secretarial Practice, Best Performance in Business Statistics and Director’s List
(top 5% of the cohort).

Dec 2007

Malaysian Certificate of Educate (O-level equivalent) – achieved 9 grade-A out of 10
subjects

FOONG Wan Ching
COMPETENCIES
Language

English and Mandarin

Computer skills

Good command in Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint,
touch typing

Job-related soft skills

Leadership and teamwork
Pro-actively coached, trained and lead all juniors effectively
which translated into high quality of work being produced
for the client and achieving high client satisfaction.
Agility and flexibility
Takes great ownership in performing different tasks assigned
which may vary in scope, and is able to consistently excel
and deliver quality work.
Project management
Demonstrated consistent commitment in making the project
a very successful one. Actively involved in setting key
performance indicators for a project and managing client’s
expectation by agreeing on reasonable timelines for
deliverables

PERSONAL PROFILE
Date of Birth:
Nationality:
Race:
Religion:

30th August 1990
Malaysian (Singapore Permanent Resident since 1 Dec 2011)
Chinese
Buddhism

