SONYA VIJ
3B Elias Green #06-04 Singapore 519960
Mobile: (65) 9826 3158
Email: sonyavij@hotmail.com
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
AAPC Singapore Pte. Ltd. (AccorHotels), (Singapore)
Legal Counsel – Asia, August 2015 – October 2016



Corporate/Commercial: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing various hotel management
agreements, franchise agreements, hotel consultancy services agreements, lease agreements, sale and
leaseback agreements, non-disclosure agreements, term sheets, MOUs, facilities management agreements
and agreements for branded residences in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and Japan.



Operational: responsible for supporting human resources, loyalty, sales, marketing, distribution, IT and
finance divisions of Accor’s APAC region, and all operational matters arising out of hotels in Singapore,
Malaysia, Indonesia and Japan.



Internal Training: responsible for implementing Accor’s global competition law policy in Singapore and Hong
Kong, and responsible for promoting awareness of competition law amongst personnel of Accor’s Singapore
and Hong Kong hotels.



Corporate Secretarial: responsible for corporate secretarial matters of AAPC Singapore Pte. Ltd..

Reason for Leaving: Due to internal restructuring resulting from the acquisition of the FRHI Hotels International, my
position was made redundant.
SATS Ltd. (SATS), (Singapore)
Senior Manager, Legal, April 2008 – July 2015



Corporate/Commercial: transactions include mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures in various regions
including, but not limited to Singapore, India, the Middle East, South Africa, Russia, Hong Kong and Turkey.
Responsibilities in this area include leading the SATS team in:
(I)

the establishment of joint ventures such as:

o

the joint venture between SATS Airport Services Private Limited (“SAS”) and Creuers del Port de
Barcelona (“Creuers”) for the management and operation of the Marina Bay Cruise Centre
Singapore (“MBCCS”) in December 2011; and

o

the joint venture between SATS and Air India Limited (“AI”) for the provision of ground handling and
cargo handling services at various airports in India in April 2010.

(II) the acquisition of ground handling, catering and cruise companies such as:

o

the acquisition of a 40% stake in Adel AbulJadayel Flight Catering Company Limited (“AAFC”) for
the provision of inflight catering services to various airlines and private jets at Jeddah airport in
November 2010; and

o

the acquisition of Menzies Aviation (Hong Kong) Ltd (“Menzies Hong Kong”) for the provision of
ground handling services to various airlines at Hong Kong Airport in November 2008.

Managing the legal aspects of such transactions including reviewing and drafting board papers, conducting
legal due diligence, reviewing, negotiating and drafting non-disclosure agreements, financing documents
such as loans and facilities agreements, consultancy agreements, shareholders’ agreements, sale &
purchase agreements, joint venture agreements, concession agreements (such as concession agreements
with various airport operators including Changi Airport Group (“CAG”), Delhi International Airport Private
Limited (“DIAL”) and Mumbai International Airport Private Limited (“MIAL”) and liaising with external legal, tax
and financial advisors, regulators and statutory bodies such as the Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore
(“MPA”) and the Singapore Tourism Board (“STB“) for the management and operation of MBCCS).



Operational: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing various operational agreements for SATS

Page 1 of 4

including, without limitation:







ground handling agreements and service level agreements with our airline customers;
IT agreements such as licensing agreements, service level agreements, escrow agreements, implementation
agreements, maintenance agreements;
marketing agreements;
lease agreements; and
consultancy agreements.



IP Strategy: responsible for IP matters including establishing and implementing the SATS Group IP Manual,
maintaining the SATS Group IP portfolio (such as conducting searches and registration of service marks and
trademarks, and filing of patents locally and in various foreign jurisdictions including India, implementing a
registration & opposition procedure and maintaining a trade mark watch service.



Corporate Secretarial: responsible for corporate secretarial matters of Country Foods Pte Ltd (wholly owned
subsidiary of SATS) including the recording and distribution of minutes of Board Meetings and corporate
secretarial matters arising out of or in connection with establishment of a majority owned local joint venture
such as drafting memorandum and articles of association for a joint venture company (“JVCo”) (for eg.
SATS-Creuers Cruise Services Pte. Ltd. (“SCCS”)) and board resolutions of shareholders of such JVCo.



Internal Training: worked with external counsel (Allen & Gledhill) to draft, review, develop and implement the
Competition Law manual in SATS and conduct IP seminars in SATS.



General: responsible for all corporate/commercial and operational matters/agreements for several
subsidiaries of SATS under it’s Gateway division including:

o
o
o
o
o
o

SCCS;
SATS Security Services Private Limited (“SSS”);
SAS;
SATS (India) Co. Private Limited (“SATS India”);
Air India SATS Airport Services Pvt. Ltd. (“AISATS”); and
SATS HK Ltd.

Major achievements:
 Successful rollout and implementation of the internal Intellectual Property Law manual in September 2014.
 Divestment of SATS’ 40% stake in AAFC in 2014.
 Promoted from Manger, Legal to Senior Manager, Legal in 2013.
 Promoted from Legal Counsel to Manager, Legal in 2012.
 Joint Venture between SAS and Creuers in December 2011.
 Secondment to AISATS (Mumbai office) between January – April 2011 to tie up ancillary matters arising out
of the joint venture and assist with various operational matters of AISATS.
 Acquisition of a 40% stake in AAFC in November 2010.
 Successful rollout and implementation of the internal Competition Law manual in November 2010.
 Joint Venture between SATS and AI in April 2010.
 Acquisition of Menzies Aviation (Hong Kong) Ltd in November 2008.
 Execution of the Cathay Pacific Warehouse Operating System Licensing Agreement in August 2008.
Reason for Leaving: There was no avenue for progression.
HYDROCHEM (S) PTE LTD (HYFLUX GROUP), (Singapore)
Legal Counsel, June 2007 – March 2008



Corporate/Commercial: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing various collaboration agreements,
joint venture agreements, concession agreements, services agreements, non-disclosure agreements,
licensing agreements, loan agreements, EPC and O&M agreements for waste water treatment and used oil
recycling projects in India, Vietnam and Middle East.



Operational: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing services agreements, maintenance
agreements, purchasing agreements, lease agreements and sales agreements for the Consumer Products
division and the Internal Facilities division.

Page 2 of 4



Corporate Secretarial: responsible for all corporate secretarial matters of the Hyflux group including the listed
entity in Singapore (i.e. Hyflux Ltd), and its entities in Malaysia, India and Netherlands.



Responsible for liaising with external counsels where necessary, and various third parties such local insurers
and secretarial agents.

Reason for Leaving: Due to internal restructuring, my position was made redundant.
ABACUS INTERNATIONAL PTE LTD, (Singapore)
Assistant Legal Counsel, April 2006 – May 2007



Corporate/Commercial: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing lease agreements, employment
contracts, non-disclosure agreements and joint venture agreements for Abacus and six of its regional offices
located India, China, Thailand, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Cambodia.



Operational: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing IT agreements including software
development agreements, distribution and sub-distribution agreements, service level agreements,
outsourcing agreements, licensing agreements and subscriber agreements.



Corporate Secretarial: responsible for various corporate secretarial matters of Abacus including the
preparation and distribution of notices, agendas and papers to Directors prior to Board meetings, and
recording and distribution of minutes post each meeting.



Internal Training: responsible for developing and implementing Competition Law policy in Abacus, and
responsible for promoting awareness of the policy in six of its regional offices, in particular India and
Thailand.

Major achievements: Successful rollout and implementation of the internal Competition Law policy.
Reason for Leaving: My job scope was not broadened by much with no avenue for change.
WORLD SPORT GROUP PTE LTD (“WSG”), (Singapore)
Associate Group Legal Advisor, September 2003 – December 2005



Joined the Company as an Associate Legal Counsel and seconded to the cricket joint venture company,
World Sport Nimbus Pte Ltd (“WSN”), a joint venture company between WSG and Nimbus Communications
Ltd (“NCL”) of India, where I assisted the Legal Department Vice-President (Cricket) with drafting
agreements for the commercial exploitation of International Cricket Council (“ICC”) cricket events such as
licensing agreements, sponsorship agreements and broadcasting agreements.



Responsible for co-ordinating cross border litigation and liaising with external counsels in various jurisdictions
in an attempt by WSN to enforce an SIAC arbitration award against a cricket board.



Assisted with drafting various agreements for Asian PGA golf events including host venue agreements,
sponsorship agreements, and player agreements for the Volvo Masters, Singapore Open and Indian Open.



Responsible for several WSG corporate matters including employment contracts, service agreements with
external vendors, lease agreements and liaising with third parties such as Company insurers.

Major achievements: Promoted in September 2004 to Associate Group Legal Advisor and made solely
responsible for negotiating and drafting various licensing agreements, sponsorship agreements and broadcasting
agreements for the ICC Champions Trophy 2004.
Reason for Leaving: Despite initial efforts to reassign me to football and golf post the buyout of WSN by NCL, the lack of
work finally resulted in my position being made redundant in December 2005.
M/S PALAKRISHNAN & PARTNERS, (Singapore)
Legal Executive, September 2002 – August 2003



Responsible for conducting legal research through Lexis/Nexis, Westlaw and the Internet.



Responsible for drafting representations, affidavits, mitigation pleas and submissions, all correspondence
with clients and third parties such as the Attorney General’s Chambers.

Page 3 of 4



Responsible for compilation of instructions at client meetings and Court attendances in relation to various
criminal cases including the matter of Nguyen Tuong Van.

Reason for Leaving: The untimely and sudden demise of senior partner Mr. Palakrishnan led to the closure of the firm,
and my position there was made redundant as of August 2003.
EDUCATION
Queen Mary & Westfield College, University of London (UK)
LLM (Computer & Communications Law), September 2002
Queen Mary & Westfield College, University of London (UK)
LLB (Hons), June 2000
LANGUAGE SKILLS




Written and spoken: English, Malay and Bahasa Indonesia.
Spoken only: Hindi and Mandarin.

REFERENCES
Mr. Yaccob Piperdi
EVP, Gateway Services
SATS Ltd.
Tel: 9276 1393

Ms. Janice Gan
General Counsel
IHG Hotels
Tel: 9112 8386

Page 4 of 4

