Personal Details
Name:
Mobile:
Email:
Address:

Qin Shuang, Vivien
+852 56172482
Vivien_qs@163.com
Flat L, 1/F, Block 1, Carado Garden, Shatin

Education Background
Aug 2011Sept 2013

The Chinese University of Hong Kong
Master of Philosophy in Government and Public Administration

Apr. 2013

Presenting thesis at 73rd annual meeting of Midwest Political Science Association,
Chicago

Sept, 2007Aug, 2011

Peking University
Bachelor’s degree in International Relations

Apr 2009Mar 2010

Faculty of Law, Niigata University, Japan
Exchange Programme

Publication:
Co-authored with Jing Vivian Zhan. The art of political ambiguity: top–down intergovernmental information
asymmetry in China. Journal of Chinese Governance. Vol. 1, 2017.
http://www.tandfonline.com/eprint/8VQIRKAZMSREGuDheK8U/full

Working Experience
Sept 2014
-present

Gerson Lehrman Group (GLG)
Associate (Full-time)
Nature: World's leading platform for professional learning

Central, Hong Kong

Duties:
- Servicing public equity clients (sell-side, long-only funds and hedge funds) and
- Grow the GLG Councils by recruiting key opinion leaders on a strategic/tactical mode,
using recruiting campaigns, leveraging industry and professional lists, trade and business
associations, referrals and other relationships;
- Interview prospective industry leaders as needed and capture critical data in GLG's
extensive profile management systems;
- Quickly and efficiently identify and establish consulting relationships with professionals
and experts best suited to participate in our highest priority client inquiries through
telephone marketing and email.
- Act proactively along clients’ compliance protocols and GLG’s compliance framework to
help experts and clients manage potential conflicts and steer clear of compliance risks.
- Interact with Hong Kong sell-side /mutual funds clients: fulfilling time-sensitive research
requests and leveraging GLG’s platform and network to match industrial leaders with
clients with accuracy, insight and urgency.
- Work closely with Business Development team to deepen existing client relationships,
grow revenue through expansion of existing business and pursuit of new business.
- Program live event content (roundtables, large track conferences, and private visits, etc.) for
Asia as well as more broadly distributed virtual event content with top industrial experts
(key executives, entrepreneurs, etc.) to help clients identify new investment
opportunities.
Mar 2014Sept 2014

Monsoon Hong Kong Limited
Marketing Executive (Full-time)

Central, Hong Kong

Nature: One-stop marketing and PR solutions provider
Market: Hong Kong, Taiwan, Mainland China, Singapore, Australia, USA (LA and SF)
Duties:
- Play a vital role in whole business process: market research, branding, PR event planning,
press conference organization, TV programme shooting, website design, etc.;
- Accomplishing all ad-hoc tasks as personal assistant to the Managing Director;
- Daily work including client request identifying, conducting market research, website
design, liaison with local PR partners in Taiwan, Shenzhen, Singapore and Hong Kong,
promotional event planning and organization, copywriting, drafting/translation of legal
documents, TV programming, etc.
Market: Hong Kong, Taiwan, Mainland China, Singapore, Australia, USA (LA and SF)
Reference: Ms. WU MeiLing, Managing Director of Monsoon HK
Jan 2011 – United Nations Developmental Program, Tumen Secretariat
Beijing
Apr 2011 Intern
Nature: Non-profit Intergovernmental Organizations aiming at development and integration of East
Asian counties
Market China, Japan, South Korea, Mongolia and Russia
Duties: - Assisting actively in research of several projects
- Provide full secretarial and administrative support to Office Manager
- Assisting the organization of the annual National Coordinators' Meeting in early April.
- Daily email communication
- Liaise with UNDP headquarter, member countries and local strategic partners like
chamber of commerce, etc.
- Assist in ad hoc assignments
Reference:

Mr. ZHU Shu, the then Director of Tumen Secretariat, UNDP

Jun2009–
Jul 2009

Niigata News Agency
Niigata, Japan
Summer intern (Journalist)
Nature: News Agency (top 10 local news agency in Japan)
Market Japan
Duties: News topic brainstorming, identifying subjects, interviews, and news reports
writing and editing.

Jun2009–
Aug2009

Guangming News Agency
Beijing
Intern (Journalist)
Nature:
One of China’s largest newspapers and SOE education group
Duties:
News topic brainstorming, identifying subjects, conducting interviews, and
news reports writing and editing.
Reference

Dec2008–
Jul 2011

Mr. GUO FuGeng, Director of Education Division, Guangming News
Agency

Center for Chinese and Global Affairs
Beijing
Coordinator/Editor
Nature:
Non-profit Academic Institution (Peking University)
Market
China
- Organizing and writing reviews of a weekly academic salon, participated
Duties:
by distinguished young scholars spanning various academic backgrounds
from various research institutions.
- Assisting the organization of annual academic conferences, like "The
Chinese Model", etc.
- Managing the website of CCGA on a daily basis.

Language
Proficiency:

English / Mandarin / Japanese / Cantonese

Computer
Skills:

MS Office, Stata, SPSS, EditPro, etc.

Availability:

Mid-Jun 2017

