Name: Leow Poh Leng (ACIS, ACS, PRACTISING CHARTERED SECRETARY)
Citizenship: Singapore PR
(Malaysian)
Handphone no.: 94568439
Email: paulineleowpohleng@yahoo.com.sg
Corporate secretarial and administration works for private companies, public listed
companies, offshore corporations and other businesses
Ensure compliance with all applicable provisions of the Companies Act, Singapore Listing Manual,
Code of Corporate Governance, Securities and Futures Act and all other rules and regulations.
Implement standard operating procedures for the corporate secretarial department.
Oversee the whole corporate secretarial procedures, corporate secretarial works for all public
listed companies, private companies limited by shares and guarantee, BVI companies, limited
liabilities partnerships and businesses.
Advise, prepare necessary documents, file with ACRA and other statutory bodies, and maintain
statutory records on all matters related to initial incorporation, annual compliance, and ad-hoc
change requests for client companies.
Preparation of Annual Report, Circular of Share Purchase Mandate and arranging for all the
venue and logistics of annual general meeting of a public listed companies listed on the
Mainboard and Catalist board of the Singapore Exchange and Trading Limited.
Attending Board of Directors’ Meeting, Audit Committee Meeting, Remuneration Committee
Meeting, Nominating Committee Meeting and Management Meeting and preparing the relevant
minutes and agenda.
Preparation of Board agendas, Board papers, minute taking and Board and Committee
administration.
Attend and record minutes at all Board and Committee meetings and prepare and distribute final
minutes.
Assist with compliance and review of Governance requirements.
Assist General Counsel to ensure that the company conforms to its statutory and legal obligations
under the relevant legislations.
Complete follow up and research on Board and Committee matters as required.
Maintain files of all corporate reports prescribed by the local government authorities.
Administer Employee Share Option Scheme and Performance Share Plans for Directors and
Senior Executives for public listed companies.
Reviewing Companies’ financial statements.

Leow Poh Leng
Page 2

Drafting and releasing announcements via SGXNET and other exchanges.
Involved in the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 compliance requirements.
Liaise with and advise clients on company formation, statutory administration and related
matters.

Coach and guide company secretarial team members.
Managed client relationships to ensure companies meeting all their business requirements.
Invoicing and collection of debts for the corporate secretarial department.
Involved in ad-hoc project as and when required.

Experiences:PKF-Cap Corporate Services Pte Ltd
- Company Secretary Manager
February 2016 till now
Computer Secretarial Service (contract basis)
Corporate Secretary
June 2015 till January 2016
Informatics Education Ltd
– Senior Manager, Corporate Secretary
Year 2013 to September 2014
Achievements:
Act as Named Company Secretary
Assist the Management on the early stage of the implementation of the Personal Data Protection
procedures for the Group.

Reason of leaving: Company undergoing financial issue
GuocoLeisure Limited
– Manager, Corporate Secretarial
Year 2012 to Year 2013
Achievements:
Incorporation and registration of a general insurance company in Singapore
Ensuring compliance of PRC companies law for PRC companies

Reason of leaving: Re-structuring of the Group’s assets

Leow Poh Leng
Page 3

Experiences (Continue):RHT Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd
Assistant Manager, Corporate Secretarial
November 2010 to May 2012
Achievements:
Assisting a team manager obtaining her service excellence
Assisting SGX on the preparation/reviewing of SGX compliance checklist on annual report

Reason of leaving: To persue another role in an in-house environment.
Robert Wang & Woo LLC
Corporate Secretarial Manager
September 2008 to December 2009
Achievements:
Collected the bad debts for the company under corporate secretarial services. Assisted the
department to facilitate:- Preparation of standard operating procedures for corporate secretarial department
- Training of new staff

Reason of leaving: Family commitment.
Colin Ng & Partners LLP
Corporate Secretarial Executive
August 2007 to August 2008
Achievement:
Assisted in the IPO process for a shipping client with operations in China

Reason of leaving: Company undergone re-structuring due to mergers and acquisitions.
Tricor Singapore Pte Ltd
Integrated Business Pte Ltd
Corporate Secretarial Assistant
January 2001 – August 2007
Software skills:
Microsoft Words/Excel, Lotus, Viewpoint, CAS, PowerPoint and I-Guru
Language skills:
Fluent in spoken and written English Language, Chinese Language, Cantonese and Bahasa

Leow Poh Leng
Page 4
Professional and Academic Qualifications
ACIS, ACS, SAICSA (Singapore Association of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and
Administrators), since January 2012
Practising Chartered Secretary since 2012
Short courses
The Landmark Forum
The Landmark Advanced Course

