Foo Chin Kiat Jeremy
Mobile No: 91253681
Email: jeremyfoo87@gmail.com

WORK EXPERIENCE
KPMG Services Pte Ltd
Assistant Manager - Financial Services Risk and Regulatory Compliance
Feb 2014- Present
 Working proficiency in Singapore's Banking Act, Securities and Futures Act (“SFA”), Financial
Advisers Act (“FAA”), Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notices and Guidelines,
Singapore Exchange (“SGX”) Rulebooks, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) and
Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”).
 Assisted in reviewing Customer and Product Risk Rating Framework for a Private Bank and
recommended changes in accordance with best practices.
 Reviewed policies and procedures for both discretionary and advisory process for both Fund
Management and Private Banking clients to identify areas or gaps and benchmarked against local
and other industry practices such as MAS Guidance on Private Banking Controls and Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission Code of Conduct.
 Led teams in Agreed Upon Procedures for Broker-Dealers who are clearing member firms of
SGX-ST and SGX-DT, reviewing their credit policies, margin financing procedures and trading
surveillance monitoring plan.
 Assisted in reviewing a prospective Foreign Bank Questionnaire and advised on potential
licensing obligations in relation to the various financial/banking services.
 Conducted Internal Audit and Regulatory diagnostic reviews of Fund managers to assess the
effectiveness of their corporate governance, investment management procedures, adequacy of
their market conduct practices and marketing procedures.
 Reviewed Anti-Money Laundering Counter-Financing of Terrorism (“AML/CFT”) policies and
controls for fund managers and private banks, focusing on customer due diligence, screening,
ongoing monitoring and suspicious transactions monitoring practices.
 Conducted regular internal and external trainings on principal regulations such as the Code of
Collective Investment Schemes, Prevention of Money Laundering and Countering the Financing
of Terrorism and Common Reporting Standard to Fund Managers and Private Banks.
 Reviewed and assisted to provide industry feedback on various consultation papers issued by
regulators and industry bodies. These consultation papers included Enhancements to Regulatory
Requirements on Customer’s Moneys and Assets, Guidelines on Outsourcing and Refinements to
the Non-Retail Investor Classes Regime under the SFA and FAA.
Associate - Tax Planning and Compliance
Jan 2013- Jan 2014
 Prepared and reviewed client’s tax returns/computations and tax provisions for a portfolio of
diversified clients comprising commodity, engineering, hospitals, retail, shipping and
telecommunications companies and handled Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”)
queries and disputes with clients under tight deadlines.
Ernst & Young LLP
Sept 2012-Dec 2012
Intern - Financial Services Assurance
Dec 2010-Feb 2011
 Assisted in the interims and final audit for Private Banks and Asset Management Firms.




CERTIFICATIONS
Chartered Accountant (Singapore)
CMFAS Module 3 (Rules and Regulations for Fund Management)

EDUCATION
Singapore Management University (B.Acc, 2’nd major Finance)
Temasek Junior College (GCE ‘A’ Level)
Anglican High School (GCE ‘O’ Level)

Feb 2016 - Present
Feb 2016

Aug 2008-Aug 2012
Jan 2004-Dec 2005
Jan 2000-Dec 2003

