CHEW WEI XIN, TERENCE
16 Upper Serangoon Crescent, Riversails, #18-42, Singapore 534028
Mobile Number: (+65) 9682 7587 | Email: terencechew87@gmail.com

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PROFILE
Experienced and driven real estate and investment banking professional with institutional transaction
experience in Asia-Pacific across various risk-return profiles. Proven track record in developing new deals
and businesses within the real estate financing space.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sumitomo-Mitsui Banking Corporation (Singapore Branch)
Assistant Vice President, Property Finance, Investment Banking Asia

Mar 2014 – Present

Origination and execution of non-recourse, corporate and leveraged real estate finance deals with specific
focus on Singapore, Australia, SEA and alternative real estate (data centres and student housing).
Origination:
 Pitching for prospective real estate investment and development transactions.
 Performing market research and feasibility study as part of initial due diligence and deal screening.
 Preparing term sheets underlining transaction structure, credit terms and representations.
Execution:
 Creating financial and valuation models supporting scenario and sensitivity analysis.
 Preparing investment memorandum for presentation to credit committee.
 Supporting legal documentation to facilitate transaction closing.
 Monitoring transactions on ad-hoc (with reference to milestone and covenants) and quarterly basis.
Business Development:
 Key member in establishing new business for alternative real estate (data centres and student housing).
 Instrumental in creating team’s non-recourse financing capabilities for NBFI via deal sourcing and
developing internal business framework with key stakeholders.
Key Highlights:
 Evaluated 91 investment proposals involving top tier corporates, public and private investment funds.
 Successful closing of 49 deals with deal size ranging from S$200m – S$2.1b, including:
o MLAB role in S$2.1b syndicated facility for a development project in Singapore undertaken by an
Australian fund manager and SWF (“Best Cross Border Investment of the Year”, REIW Asia 2015);
o Bilateral IDR315bn financing of retail mall development in West Java by a local developer;
o MLA role in A$600m syndicated facility for an Australia commercial property portfolio fund;
o Secondary loan purchase of ~US$35m in a Singapore-based data centre fund.
United Overseas Bank Limited
Senior Credit Analyst, Commercial Banking Division





Selected under the bank’s Management Associate Programme, aimed at developing early career talent.
Managed portfolio of Mid Cap/SME accounts in Real Estate, Construction, Healthcare and Education.
Undertook first-level financial analysis to support new transactions, credit restructures and reviews.
Assisted RMs in analysing and structuring real estate project financing cases to client’s financing needs.

Columbia Investment Group
Intern (Real Estate Investment)




Aug 2011 – Feb 2014

Jan 2011 – Mar 2011

Researched on macroeconomic and industry trends to support investment analysis.
Prepared marketing collateral (presentation deck and information sheet) to support asset distribution.
Supported asset enhancement strategic initiatives to enhance investment yield and capital value.

EDUCATION HISTORY
Bachelor of Business, Nanyang Technological University (2nd Upper Honours)
Fall Exchange Programme, University of Mannheim, Germany
National Junior College, Singapore
Saint Joseph’s Institution, Singapore

2008 – 2011
2009 – 2010
2004 – 2005
2000 – 2003

