LI YULONG (BRIAN), CFA
36 Eunos Crescent, Singapore 400036
+65 8188 9089 | lyl.brian@gmail.com
EDUCATION
SINGAPORE MANAGEMENT UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of Business Management (Major in Finance)
E.Y.E Investment Club Research Committee member

Singapore
2007 - 2011

CFA INSTITUTE
CFA charter holder

2017.8

EXPERIENCE
BRIGHT RUBY RESOURCES PTE. LTD (FAMILY OFFICE)
Singapore
Investment Manager
Assisting GM, lead a team of 6, manage all departmental functions
2013 - Present
Real-estate Investment and Asset Management
Work closely with legal advisers, consultants and banks, to handle full real-estate investment deal cycle, from deal
sourcing, evaluation, DD, tax structuring, financing solution arrangement, SPA/HMA negotiation to closing.
 Deals closed:
270 Orchard Road, Grand Park Orchard, Singapore: (2013, S$1.16bn, hotel+retail, 58% debt, share acquisition);
488 George Street, Hilton Sydney, Australia (2015, A$442mil, 65% debt, share acquisition, Nominated HICAP 2015
Deal of the Year)
Financial Investment:
Leading a team of two, manage a private financial portfolio over US$200mn, invested in HK equities and global corporate
bonds:
 Generate strategy reports, investment thesis reports and trade ideas. Produce credit and equity research reports.
 Maintain relationship with IB/PB RMs and industry partners. Attend regular meet-ups/conference calls with research
analyst, economists and strategists.
 Produce periodic portfolio review and return analysis.
Deputy Manager – Corporate Finance (Until July 2015)
Corporate Financing:
Work in team of two, to originate, structure, execute financing deals and maintain relationship with banks
 Jointly overlooked trade finance facilities of total US$1.7bn with 10 banks and vessel financing portfolio of $280mn
 Deals closed include:
Structured trade finance: $400mil (With ANZ, BOC, Maybank, CS, RBI);
Project financing: $118mil dry bulk vessel financing deals and a $50mil private jet financing deal;
Real-estate acquisition financing: A$418mn Sydney club deal; S$676mn Singapore bilateral deal:
Tax:
 Working with tax consultants on offshore investment structuring. Worked on tax restructuring project for Australian
investment structure, expected to have an annual tax saving of A$3mn from WHT and Corporate tax.
 Reviewed corporate structure and trust structure for tax implications and reliefs.
PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD
Singapore
Equities Dealer
2011 - 2013
Client Acquisition:
 Conducted road shows, seminars and cold calls to acquire new clients
Client Servicing & Advisory
 Fostered client relationship, provided market updates and generated trade ideas. Provide discretionary financial advice
on multiple products, monitored clients’ accounts and risk exposure
 Appointed CFD cum ETF Specialist, conducted regular seminars
CITIBANK SINGAPORE
Intern, Securities and Funds Services
Assisted RMs on day-to-day client servicing duties, account opening and maintenance
Supported the SFS team with ad hoc projects, generated internal reports on daily and monthly basis

Singapore
2010

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Native English and Mandarin.

Proficient in MS Word, Excel, Power Point, Bloomberg.

Good financial modelling skills.

