KWONG SHI HAN
+65 9828 9486
shihan.kwong@gmail.com
WORK EXPERIENCE
PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services Pte Ltd, Singapore
Jul 2015 to Present
Mergers and Acquisitions (Financial Due Diligence) – Senior Associate
 Critically analysed the financials of target companies and highlighted to buyers key issues and pitfalls that
potentially affect the valuation of the transaction. These included evaluating earnings sustainability, assessing
the quality of net assets, determining optimal working capital levels, normalising cash flows, identifying debtlike obligations and proposing due diligence adjustments.
 Worked closely with private equity clients by furnishing analyses tailored for their model input and
refining/validating their financial models.
 Experience with corporate acquisition deals include Surbana Jurong’s S$400 million acquisition of SMEC
(global infrastructure consultancy firm based in Australia); Rowsley Ltd’s S$64 million investment in Hotel
Football, Café Football and GG Collections (hospitality and F&B businesses in the UK); Brenntag’s
acquisition of EPChem (a distributor of specialty chemicals in AsiaPac, undisclosed amount); and Singaporelisted ARA Asset Management’s acquisition of 50% stake in Capital Square (office property in Singapore,
undisclosed amount).
 Experience with private equity deals include Northstar’s proposed S$331 million acquisition of Singapore-listed
Innovalues Ltd (precision automotive components manufacturer); Macquarie Capital’s US$60 million
investment into IO (leading global provider of data center services); ShawKwei & Partners’ S$51 million
acquisition and privatisation of Chosen Holdings (plastic solutions manufacturer); and Varde Partners’
undisclosed bid for Ascendas Hospitality Trust. Other non-public deals include a fitness center operator with 50
clubs in Southeast Asia and a private education group with schools across all educational segments in the region.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Singapore
Sep 2013 to Jun 2015
Assurance – Associate
 Recurring portfolio of clients include global leading freight forwarders, major regional players in logistics and
ecommerce solutions, and large energy and commodity trading companies.
 One of only three second-year associates to earn a transfer into the Advisory M&A (FDD) department the
following year.

ACADEMIC & PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
Chartered Accountant of Singapore
Chartered Financial Analyst - 2017 Level III CFA Candidate
Singapore Management University - Bachelor of Accountancy with major in Finance
 Attended the Maastricht University School of Business and Economics (The
Netherlands) International Exchange Programme (Sep to Dec 2011).

Aug 2009 to Jul 2013

CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
Sep 2013 to Present
PwC Football and Ultimate Frisbee
 Represented PwC at charity tournaments and the annual Institute of Chartered Accountants Games for
football and ultimate frisbee.
 Founded and captained the pioneer PwC Ultimate Frisbee team in 2013; captained the PwC Football team
in 2014.
Volunteer - PwC’s CSR initiatives and firm engagement activities
Sep 2013 to Present
 Planned activities to engage the firm in the roll out of PwC Network’s global transformation initiative to
refine its culture and values as PwC Singapore’s Culture & Values Staff Champion in 2016.
 Organising Committee for the inaugural PwC Experience Run in Nov 2014 and 2015.
 Logistics Coordinator for the PwC Overseas Community Project’s team of 22 volunteers to Luang
Prabang, Laos in Aug 2014.

IT & LANGUAGE PROFICIENCIES





Advanced Microsoft Excel for spreadsheet modeling and complex data analysis.
Experience with SQL language to retrieve and manage data from databases.
Financial databases such as Bloomberg, ThomsonOne, Capital IQ.
Fluent in written and spoken English and Mandarin.

