L E O N G 	   M E I 	   T E N G 	  
Blk	  522B	  Tampines	  Central	  7	  13-­‐15,	  Singapore	  522522	  
Mobile:	  +65	  96883689	  	  	  • 	  	  	  	  	  Email:	  meitenglmt@gmail.com	  
	  

CAREER	  SUMMARY	  
	  

Bringing	  9+	  years	  of	  expertise	  and	  experience	  to	  an	  organization	  across	  multiple	  aspects	  of	  across	  Asia	  Pacific.	  	  
Has	   worked	   organizations:	   Discovery	   Networks	   Asia-­‐Pacific	   Pte	   Ltd,	   Turbomeca	   Asia	   Pacific	   Pte	   Ltd,	   Sun	  
Technosystems	  Pte	  Ltd,	  All	  Market	  Inc.	  (Vita	  Coco),	  SPEARHEAD	  GLOBAL	  SERVICES	  PTE	  LTD.	  
	  

Demonstrates	  capability	   in	   management	   accounting	   accuracy	   in	   reporting	  financial	  reports,	  GST	  returns,	  Audit	  
scheduling	   with	   management	   reports,	   Capturing	   Intercompany	   Billing	   and	   Reconciliations,	   Handling	   full	   set	   of	  
accounting	  for	  overseas	  and	  regional	  subsidiaries.	  
	  

Key	  Competencies	  
• Colleagues	   centric	   –	   Works	   passionately	   with	   an	   approach	   to	   meet	   management	   requirements	   across	   all	  
level	  and	  departments	  enabling	  all	  financial	  reports	  accuracy.	  
• Software	   knowledge	   and	   competencies	   –	   Well	   verse	   in	   SAP,	   Oracle,	   Accpac,	   MYOB,	   Words	   &	   Advance	   level	  
of	  Mircosoft	  Excel.	  Her	  strong	  knowledge	  and	  experience	  in	  these	  software	  put	  her	  in	  front	  as	  the	  distinct	  
time	  to	  adapt	  and	  move	  with	  the	  system	  is	  more	  efficient.	  
• Strong	   adaptation	   Character–	   Able	   to	   work	   well	   with	   team	   member	   from	   all	   over	   the	   regions.	   Her	  
experience	   includes	   working	   with	   members	   from	   Korea,	   Taiwan,	   Japan,	   Australia,	   Indonesia,	   Malaysia,	  
Singapore,	  Vietnam	  and	  United	  States	  of	  America.	  Experience	  in	  working	  with	  people	  from	  all	  walks	  of	  life	  
and	  adapting	  to	  different	  accounting	  structures	  allow	  her	  to	  do	  regional	  reports	  and	  full	  accounts	  here	  in	  
Singapore.	  
• Good	  Leader	  and	  Follower–	  Has	  a	  hand	  on	  experience	  in	  training	  and	  guiding	  junior	  member	  of	  her	  team	  in	  
helping	  her	  fulfill	  her	  role	  in	  completing	  her	  reports	  timely.	  	  Willing	  to	  motivate	  and	  structure	  new	  methods	  
and	  ways	  to	  better	  her	  team	  productivity	  and	  bring	  the	  team	  to	  higher	  heights.	  	  
	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  Managed	  a	  team	  of	  2	  executives	  under	  her	  wing	  during	  her	  careers.	  
• Effective	   and	   personable	   communication	   skills	   within	   the	   team	   in	   Singapore	   as	   well	   as	   her	   team	   all	   over	  
the	  region	  to	  achieve	  the	  reports	  with	  speed	  and	  accuracy.	  
	  

PROFESSIONAL	  EXPERIENCE	  
	  

SPEARHEAD	  GLOBAL	  SERVICES	  PTE	  LTD.	  	  
Mar	  2015	  –	  to	  date	  
Accountant	  
Currently	   managing	   the	   client’s	   closure	   of	   management	   accounts	   and	   to	   ensure	   timely	   and	   accurate	   completion	  
of	   required	   management	   reporting	   for	   all	   entities.	   Together	   with	   team	   member	   whom	   she	   leads	   and	   guides,	  
overlooking	  the	  full	  sets	  of	  accounts	  for	  Singapore,	  Malaysia,	  Vietnam	  &	  Indonesia.	  
	  
Key	  Responsibilities	  
•	  Manage	  monthly	  closure	  of	  management	  accounts	  
-­‐Prepare	  journal	  entries,	  account	  reconciliation,	  booking	  of	  accruals,	  reserves	  for	  month	  end	  closing	  
-­‐Proactively	  review	  accounts	  to	  ensure	  all	  financial	  transactions	  are	  valid	  and	  recorded	  to	  ensured	  accuracy	  of	  
reporting	  
	  
•	  Prepare	  Audit	  Schedules	  and	  Management	  Report	  
-­‐ Fixed	  Assets	  Management;	  Execute	  depreciation	  run	  and	  depreciation	  reasonableness	  check	  
-­‐Inventory	  management; Reconciliation	  of	  stock	  movement,	  slow	  moving	  and	  obsolescence	  stock	  accruals	  
-­‐Prepare	  Balance	  sheet	  Reconciliations	  
-­‐Prepare	  Bank	  Reconciliations	  
-­‐	  Prepare	  statutory	  tax	  package	  
	  
•	  Prepare	  GST	  Return	  
-­‐	  Consolidate	  &	  verify	  monthly	  GST	  Input/Output	  Tax	  
-­‐	  Ensure	  all	  docs	  are	  captured	  in	  the	  right	  GST	  class.	  
-­‐	  Prepare	  mthly	  GST	  Report	  &	  file	  for	  Quarterly	  GST	  Return	  
	  
	  
LEONG	  MEI	  TENG	  

Page	  1	  of	  3	  

All	  Market	  Inc.	  (Vita	  Coco)	  
MAR	  2014	  –	  FEB	  2015	  
Accountant.	  
Part	  of	  a	  team	  that	  take	  cares	  of	  handling	  full	  sets	  of	  accounting	  for	  the	  Asia-­‐Pacific	  regions	  with	  Focus	  on	  Singapore,	  	  
Japan	  &	  Korea	  Subsidiaries.	  This	  includes	  preparation	  of	  U.S.	  reporting	  (US	  GAAP,SOX)	  and	  ensuring	  compliance.	  
	  
Key	  Responsibilities	  
•	  Capture	  all	  expenses/revenues	  
-­‐	  Process	  supplies	  invoices	  &	  internal	  expense	  claims	  ensuring	  adherence	  to	  company	  policy	  &	  providing	  prompt	  
and	  timely	  payments.	  
-­‐	  Perform	  Vendor	  Reconciliation	  &	  Monthly	  Ageing	  Report	  
-­‐	  Provide	  update	  on	  customer	  issues	  during	  the	  A/R	  collection	  cycle	  to	  ensure	  customer	  problems	  are	  dealt	  with	  
resulting	  in	  timely	  payment	  being	  received	  from	  the	  customer.	  
-­‐	  Provide	  Monthly	  A/R	  Ageing	  &	  Generate	  of	  Monthly	  SOA	  to	  customers.	  
	  
•	  Prepare	  Audit	  Schedules,	  Cash	  Flow	  Statement	  and	  Management	  Report:	  
-­‐	  Update	  Fixed	  Assets	  Schedule	  
-­‐	  Prepare	  Bank	  Reconciliations	  
-­‐	  Update	  weekly	  expenses	  &	  revenue	  in	  Cash	  Flow	  worksheet	  
	  
•	  Prepare	  GST	  Return	  
•	  Capture	  intercompany	  billing	  and	  reconciliation	  in	  SAP	  system	  
•	  Assist	  in	  Budgeting	  and	  ad-­‐hoc	  financial	  reporting	  
	  
Major	  Accomplishments	  
ü Went	  to	  Korea	  to	  assist	  in	  setting	  up	  the	  financial	  procedure	  and	  processes.	  
ü Starting	  up	  and	  fine-­‐tuning	  the	  financial	  procedure	  and	  processes	  in	  link	  with	  all	  Asia-­‐Pacific	  regions.	  	  
	  
Reason	  for	  Leaving:	  Got	  Headhunted	  by	  a	  firm	  with	  better	  learning	  opportunity	  to	  expand	  ones	  experience.	  
	  
Discovery	  Network	  Asia-­‐Pacific	  Pte	  Ltd	  
APR	  2010	  to	  FEB	  2014	  
Accounts	  Executive	  
	  
Part	  of	  Asia-­‐Pacific	  accounts	  receivable	  team,	  responsible	  for	  advertising	  sales	  revenue	  recognition	  and	  collection	  
for	   Australia,	   Taiwan,	   Singapore,	   Malaysia,	   Philippines,	   Thailand,	   China	   and	   New	   Zealand.	   This	   includes	   monthly	  
invoicing,	  liaising	  with	  customers	  and	  advertising	  representative	  on	  collections	  and	  reconciliations,	  preparation	  
of	  U.S.	  reporting	  (US	  GAAP,SOX)	  and	  ensuring	  GST	  compliance	  for	  all	  billings.	  
	  
Key	  Responsibilities	  
• Support	  the	  advertising	  sales	  Team	   by	   Reviewing	   and	   providing	   comments	   on	   draft	   sales	   and	   agreements	  
from	  the	  revenue	  recognition	  and	  accounting	  perspectives.	  
• Strong	   regional	   collaboration	   with	   Accounting	   departments	   from	   over	   the	   regions	   for	   the	   financial	  
reports.	  
• Assisting	  in	  reviewing	  of	  financial	  statements	  (revenue)	  and	  coordinating	  with	  Auditors	  in	  their	  Audits	  for	  
Singapore	  and	  Taiwan	  
• Manage	  Korea	  Full	  set	  of	  Accounts	  from	  preparing	  the	  books	  to	  reporting	  with	  compliances	  with	  Korean	  
Accounting	  and	  U.S	  reporting	  standards	  and	  requirements	  including	  taxation	  filings	  and	  payment.	  
	  

Major	  Accomplishments	  
ü Manage	  to	  take	  over	  the	  responsibility	  of	  Korea	  Full	  set	  of	  accounts	  with	  responsibility	  in	  liaising	  with	  the	  
tax	  consultant	  and	  making	  sure	  that	  the	  financial	  reports	  are	  with	  compliance	  to	  Korean	  &	  U.S	  Accounting	  
standards	  and	  requirements.	  
ü Ad-­‐hoc	   Project	   co-­‐ordinations	   and	   testing	   of	   the	   SAP	   system	   for	   the	   efficiency	   and	   controls.	   Allowing	   her	   to	  
generate	   reports	   that	   could	   capture	   the	   improvement	   of	   the	   advertising	   spots	   premiering	   reports	   and	  
linking	  all	  together	  for	  her	  management.	  
	  

Reason	  for	  leaving:	  	  Was	  offered	  a	  better	  role	  with	  better	  exposure	  into	  the	  other	  accounting	  functions.	  
	  

Turbomeca	  Asia	  Pacific	  Pte	  Ltd	  
Accounts	  Executive	  	  
Jan	  2009	  to	  Mar	  2010	  
Part	   of	   the	   general	   Ledger	   team,	   working	   on	   the	   various	   accounting	   functions	   for	   the	   South	   East	   Asia	   Entities	   in	  
Singapore	  and	  Malaysia.	  
LEONG	  MEI	  TENG	  

Page	  2	  of	  3	  

	  

Key	  Responsibilities	  
• Account	   Payable	   function.	   Includes	   Liaising	   with	   tax	   consultant	   to	   ensure	   that	   payments	   are	   in	  
accordance	  to	  the	  country’s	  laws.	  
• Fix	  Asset	  Function	  it	  includes	  ensuring	  all	  assets	  are	  recorded	  and	  depreciated	  according	  to	  the	  company	  
policy	  inline	  with	  the	  financial	  standards.	  
• Inventory	   management	   functions	   ensuring	   all	   inventories	   are	   recorded	   while	   supporting	   the	   logistic	  
department	  on	  stock	  level	  management	  by	  providing	  stock	  reports	  and	  stock	  count	  on	  a	  monthly	  basis.	  
	  

Major	  Accomplishments	  
ü Established	  knowledge	  and	  key	  experience	  in	  the	  basis	  of	  accounting	  and	  book-­‐keeping.	  
ü Manage	  the	  physical	  aspect	  on	  a	  stock	  take	  on	  a	  monthly	  basis.	  
	  

Reason	  for	  leaving:	  	  Was	  offered	  a	  better	  role	  with	  better	  exposure	  into	  the	  other	  accounting	  functions.	  
	  

Sun	  Technosystems	  Pte	  Ltd	  
JAN	  2007	  to	  Dec	  2008	  
Accounts	  &	  Administration	  Assistant	  
A	  young	  student	  looking	  to	  expand	  her	  work	  experience	  while	  still	  doing	  her	  studies	  to	  further	  build	  her	  career	  
in	  her	  path	  as	  an	  accountant	  to	  be.	  
	  
	  

Key	  Responsibilities	  
• Manage	   accounts	   payable	   function.	   It	   includes	   processing	   supplier’s	   invoices	   and	   internal	   expenses	   &	  
Claims.	  
• Perform	  Vendor	  Reconciliations	  and	  monthly	  reports	  of	  Payment.	  
• Perform	  the	  account	  receivable	  Function	  for	  the	  company.	  Constantly	  updating	  the	  management	  on	  the	  
revenues	  that	  can	  be	  collected	  and	  those	  who	  can’t	  and	  update	  what	  is	  being	  done	  to	  ensure	  collections.	  	  
	  

Major	  Accomplishments	  
ü Learn	  to	  adapt	  into	  a	  working	  environment.	  
ü Learn	  to	  fulfill	  the	  requirements	  of	  the	  company	  and	  team	  leader.	  
ü Learn	  to	  co-­‐operate	  and	  work	  with	  others	  as	  a	  team	  and	  being	  a	  team	  player.	  
	  

Reason	   for	   leaving:	   	   Better	   prospect	   and	   in	   line	   with	   her	   goals	   of	   gaining	   better	   experience	   and	   work	  
exposure.	  
	  

QUALIFICATIONS/EDUCATION	  
	  

THE ASSOCIATION OF CHAERTERED CERTIFIED ACCOUNTANTS (ACCA Level 3), June 2016
THE ASSOCIATION OF CHAERTERED CERTIFIED ACCOUNTANTS (ACCA Level 2)
Advanced Diploma in Accounting and Business, December 2015
UNIVERSITY OF BRADFORD, SINGAPORE
Advanced Diploma in Business Management, December 2006
Business Minor in Accounting, December 2006
UNIVERSITY OF BRADFORD, SINGAPORE
Diploma in Business Management, December 2005
Business Minor in Accounting, December 2005

	  

BUKIT BATOK SECONDARY SCHOOL, SINGAPORE
General Cambridge Examination ‘Ordinary’ Level (GCE ‘O’ Level), December 2004	  

OTHER	  
	  

Languages:	  
	  
Interests:	  

Spoken	  and	  Written	  :	  	  English	  and	  Chinese	  (Written	  and	  Spoken	  Advance	  level)	  
Sporty	   person	   in	   Nature.	   Love	   to	   try	   all	   kind	   of	   new	   sport	   and	   the	   love	   for	   travelling	   and	   seeing	  
the	  world.	  

	  
Referees:	  
Available	  upon	  request	  
	  
Date	  available	  for	  work:	  One	  month	  notice	  upon	  confirmation.	  
	  
LEONG	  MEI	  TENG	  

Page	  3	  of	  3	  

