JOSEPHINE FAN PEK HAR
Blk 715 #05-182 Tampines Street 71 S520715, (HP) 8668 0716, Email: jo.ph.fan@gmail.com

Career Focus
Flexible and versatile personnel with broad-based background in a highly competitive and dynamic
organization. Recognized as reliable and dependable excellent team player
Summary of Skills
 Analytical
 Strong problem solving ability
 Focused on customer satisfaction

Professional Experience
DBS Trustee Limited – Private Trust
July 2015 – Apr 2017
Business Management Support Manager – AVP
 To oversee a team of 3 in the Business Management Support team for Private Trust business
in relation to AML/CFT regulatory requirements, projects and day to day administrative
work.
 To oversee and ensure proper implementation and compliance of policies and procedures
(including AML/CFT requirements, FATCA/CRS, key operating procedures and internal
control procedures) by the Private Trust Administrators in their day-to-day administration
of the private trusts and investment companies.
 To review and ensure consistency and accuracy in the KYC reviews for on-boarding and
ongoing periodic reviews, such as on-boarding documentation, periodic trust/CDD reviews,
administration documentation.
 To monitor and track that all risk and compliance issues and audit points are resolved and
completed on a timely basis.
 To identify areas for improvement and implement solutions to increase efficiencies within
the Private Trust team.

Bank of America Merrill Lynch
March 2008 – March 2015
Sales Assistant FICC Fixed Income Desk – Associate
 Function as main contact liaison for Front, Middle and Back Office on implementation of
process improvements and facilitation of communication.
 Focal point for project support, acting as subject matter expert or reviewer.
 Main point of contact for all Front Office escalations; Front Office related issues and
incidents.
 Coordinates issue resolution across Front to Back functions.
 Book and ensure trades executed by sales are correctly captured in risk management
systems.
 Attend to ad-hoc queries and requests from sales and clients; for example providing pricing
for clients.
 Liaise with various teams globally such as Trader Assistant, Trade Support, Sales Support,
Client On-boarding, Confirmation, Settlement and Technology to address relevant issues.
 Facilitate new account opening to ensure they meet the KYC, AML and regulatory
requirement.
 Coordinate and liaise with relevant teams to ensure prompt follow up on any
documentation discrepancies.
 Ensure data integrity and management reporting of sales production is accurate, insightful
and timely.

Standard Chartered Bank
June 2007 – February 2008
Service Quality Manager (Asst)
 Managing local programme of internal Voice of Customer (service reviews and production
satisfaction surveys), following the Wholesale Bank Group process.
 Reporting VoC results and action plans to Central Client Service Group for consolidation and
identification of global themes and also leveraging on the VoC process to understand
clients’ needs and identifying opportunities for improvements in service, product solutions
and optimizing channel usage.
 Implementing complaint management processes (and systems) to ensure smooth running
and encourage utilization in-country.
 Act as liaison of ongoing enhancements to processes and systems and identify common
themes in complaints and highlight to relevant parties as opportunities for improvements.
 Obtain regular complaints / enquiry resolution feedback and ensure an effective service
recovery process which includes complaint handling and appropriate empowerment for staff
to act quickly when necessary.

Citigroup
November 2006 – April 2007
Control Officer (Contract)
 Reconciliation of daily and monthly system reports to relevant department
 Ensure clientele portfolio record is up to date and revert should there be any discrepancies
to the Appointed Relationship Manager
 Preparation of audit confirmation for clientele upon request

HSBC
July 2005 - February 2006
Call Center Agent (Contract)
 Attending incoming calls on a timely manner & meeting it’s SLA
 Responsible to work closely with Service Delivery team on incoming/existing cases and to
improve work process
 Following up on cases with personal in concern

Singapore Armed Forces
November 1997 – May 2004
Non-Commissioned Officer (Project Management Team)
 Point of contact to all project members (local or overseas) and established effective
communications and work processes for all project related matters
 Provide resolutions to problems pertaining to all project related matters
 Quality assurance of all project requirements and deliverables are in accordance to the
project plan
 Developed strong analytical skills and is meticulous through submission of detailed trial
reports to aid senior management to reach informed decisions
 Co-managed a team of 5 technicians in the Project Management team; is instrumental in
appraising subordinates’ performance and managing welfare matters

EDUCATION
University of London
Bsc in Banking and Finance
Ngee Ann Polytechnic
Diploma in Electronics & Computer Engineering
Chung Cheng High School (Branch)
GCE ‘O’ Level
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION
CMFAS Module 1A
APPLICATION
Bloomberg

Graduated in Aug 2006
Graduated in Nov 1997
Graduated in 1993

