Lim Tze May
Address
Email
Contact

: Blk 2B, Upper Boon Keng Road, Kallang, Singapore 382002
: tzemay_90@hotmail.com
: +65 83165831

INTRODUCTION
I have over three years of external audit experience and have spent the last two years
specialising in the Funds and Capital Markets industry with RSM Chio Lim LLP, the largest
audit firm outside the Big 4 in Singapore. In addition to the local statutory financial audits, I
have led regulatory compliance audits of Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) registered
fund management companies and assisted in SGX listed companies and REIT audit .
I started out my career with PricewaterhouseCoopers Penang, Malaysia for a year in its
assurance department as an audit associate. During my service with the firm, I was given the
opportunity to perform several types of audits such as the local statutory audit, international
reporting audits (Germans, Hong Kong and etc) and specified procedures audits (US-SOX
and Japan engagement audits). Besides I have also been auditing various sectors of
companies ranging from manufacturing, trading, property development and education.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
RSM Chio Lim LLP – Senior, Audit (2 years, October 2015 - Present)
I joined the Fund and Capital Markets team as an Audit Associate in Jan 2015 and was
promoted to Audit Senior in October 2015. In October 2016, I was promoted to my current
position as second year Audit Senior.
Audit Senior
 Lead Auditor-In-Charge for a SGX listed REIT with assets larger than S$1 billion.
 Led compliance and financial team audit engagements for Fund Management Companies
regulated by the MAS – Licensed Fund Management Companies ("LFMC") and
Registered Fund Management Companies ("RFMC").
 Led financial audits for Singapore branch’s administrative office of China’s State
Administration of Foreign Exchange.
Audit Associate
 Assisted in the financial audits for a variety of Singapore and Cayman Islands-registered
funds, in market segments such as mutual trust, private equity, quoted & unquoted
financial instruments, and distressed debt.
 Assisted in the audits for SGX listed company (nature: commodities) and SGX listed Real
Estate Investment Trust (REIT).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (CONT’D)
RSM Chio Lim LLP – Senior, Audit (2 years, October 2015 - Present)
Audit Associate (cont’d)
 Assisted in Group’s audits.
 Led in local statutory audits.
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Malaysia – Audit Associate (1 year, October 2013 – November
2014)
I joined the firm as Vocational Trainee in its assurance department during my second year of
university for the periods between February 2014 to July 2013 & June 2011 to August 2011.
In October 2013, I took up the offer and joined the firm as audit associate.
Audit Associate
 Assisted in reputable Multinational Companies audit (nature: manufacturing , engineering
and electronics,)
 Assisted in two listed companies audit (nature: construction)
 Assisted in US-SOX audit engagements, Agreed-Upon-Procedures engagements and
International Reporting.
Vocational Trainee, Audit
 Assisted audit seniors in performing vouching for various sections, assets sighting and
stock takes.

QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Accounting Information System (Hons), Universiti Utara Malaysia
2009-2013



Graduated with Second Class Upper
Awarded with Dean’s List twice

Remarks: Currently pursuing professional qualification – ACCA (Status: Pass: P1
Governance, Risk and Ethics P3 Business)
SKILLS

Languages
Dialect
IT Proficiency

English (Fluent),
Mandarin (Conversational)
(Conversational)
Hokkien (Conversational)
Microsoft Office: Word, Excel & PowerPoint

and

Malay

