Siow Yuan Bin, ACA
• yuanbinsiow@gmail.com • 03-118-3, Block 156, Toa Payoh Lorong 1, Singapore 310156
• +65 8822 3676 • www.linkedin.com/pub/yuan-bin-siow/61/295/260

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Ernst & Young Singapore
Senior Associate, Financial Due Diligence, Transaction Advisory Services

December 2016 – Present

 Petrochemical terminal in Singapore

Provided buy-side financial due diligence for a private equity fund focused on infrastructure investments.

Collaborated with various internal and external parties including legal counsel, tax restructuring, valuation
team to support client in the bidding process.

Assessed the reasonableness of key inputs in financial modelling including adjusted EBITDA and
normalised working capital.

Determined the amount of key pricing components including net-debt and debt-like items.
 American multinational medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturer

Provided sell-side assistance for disposal of a business unit which carried transaction value of US$1 billion.

Acted as project management officer between group Acquisition & Divesture team and local markets’
finance teams in Asia Pacific region in the financial data extraction and reporting process.

Supported management in preparation of carve-out financials and provided guidance on carve-out
methodology e.g. cost allocation basis, specific and identifiable fixed assets.

Reviewed financial information prepared by management to ensure they are fit for audit purposes.

Conducted in-depth financial data analysis to understand commercial reasons behind the fluctuations.
 Coconut products manufacturer based in Philippines

Provided buy-side financial due diligence for a private equity fund based in Asia. The targeted business’s
enterprise value is estimated at US$167m.

Reviewed pro forma consolidated financial statements prepared by target’s management and auditors.

Conducted product cost analysis including fixed versus variable and direct versus indirect.

Analysed key performance indicators e.g. product gross margin, production yield and pricing.
KPMG Singapore
Senior Audit Associate

April 2015 – November 2016



World’s leading tobacco manufacturer
 A new key audit client to the firm. The Singapore component generates revenue exceeding US$600 million
per annum.
 As audit lead, managed a team of four and reported to group audit team in UK within short reporting
timeframe.
 Achieved a smooth transition to a new audit firm and obtained client’s satisfaction.



Multinational retailer
 A new audit client to the firm. The company owns an international apparel brand and has six outlets in
Singapore.
 As audit lead, managed a team of three and completed statutory audit within agreed timeframe.
 Dealt with predecessor auditor and assessed the adequacy of audit procedures performed to ensure painless
transition to a new audit firm.
 Identified improvement points for both business operations and financial reporting process.



Golf and country club
 The Company operates a prominent golf club in Singapore since 1993.
 As audit lead, managed a team of three to complete statutory audit within agreed timeline.
 Reviewed valuation report prepared by expert. Assessed appropriateness of valuation method used e.g.
direct comparison, replacement cost, and capitalization method and reasonableness of their underlying
assumptions.

Siow Yuan Bin, ACA
• yuanbinsiow@gmail.com • 03-118-3, Block 156, Toa Payoh Lorong 1, Singapore 310156
• +65 8822 3676 • www.linkedin.com/pub/yuan-bin-siow/61/295/260



Leading chemical manufacturer
 The company has 20-year track record in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) with annual revenue
exceeding RMB5 billion.
 As lead auditor, managed a team of two and monitor progress of component auditor to ensure completion of
audit within agreed timeframe.
 Reviewed consolidated financial statements and ensure completeness and accuracy of consolidation
adjustment entries.
 Reviewed cash flow modeling and assessed reasonableness of key assumptions e.g. crude oil prices, PRC
market and industry outlook, discount rate, and etc.

KPMG Malaysia
Senior Audit Associate


January 2015 - March 2015

Switzerland-based multinational food and drink giant
 The Malaysia component is listed on the Bursa Malaysia with a market capitalisation of MYR19 billion.
 ey audit member in a team of ten and involved in complex and significant audit areas e.g. goodwill
impairment assessment and current and deferred tax computation.
 Reviewed discounted cash flow forecast and assessed reasonableness of key assumptions e.g. terminal
growth rate, discount rate, asset utilization, CAPEX, growth rate and etc.
 Reviewed current and deferred tax computation of entities with complex tax structure e.g. finance leased
assets, actuarial gain or loss arising from defined benefit plans.

Audit Associate
November 2012- December 2014
 Malaysian conglomerate
 Key audit client to the firm. The company has business interests from forest resource management to oil
palm plantation and property development in various countries globally.
 As group auditor, monitored progress of component auditors to ensure delivery of reporting deliverables
within timeframe.
 Reviewed plantation valuation report and assessed the reasonableness of key assumptions e.g. log prices,
discount rate and etc.
 Assessed accounting implications of newly effective accounting standards i.e. Malaysian Financial
Reporting Standards (“MFRS”) 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and MFRS12 Joint Arrangement.
EDUCATION
CFA Institute
Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA) Program – June 2017


Passed all three levels at first attempt

Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW)
ICAEW ACA qualification – July 2014


Completed all papers at first attempt with average mark of 79%

SMJK Yu Hua
Malaysia Certificate of Education (SPM) – December 2009


Attained 8A+s and 2As

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Language: English, Mandarin, Malay and Cantonese
Skill: Microsoft Office, CaseWare IDEA and SAP

