(Ms) Tee Wan Lin
Professional Accountant (ICAEW), BBA Hons. (Mgt), NUS University Scholar
Age: 28, Female
D.O.B: 2/10/1987
Address: 32 West Coast Road #05-22 S(127451)
Contact: +65 9825 4265/ teewanlin@gmail.com
Last drawn salary: S$2,800
Expected salary: S$3,000 - S$3,200
Past industries: Fund Accounting (under Education); Professional Audit & Accounting (int. shipping clients &
listed corporations); 3 months MNC experience
Total years’ experience: 3
Notice period: Immediate

Career Objective
● In pursuit of a rewarding career, in a leading private equity/ venture capital/ fund management/
investment firm as a fund accountant

● Assisting in everyday duties to manage the accounts (through preparation of investment
schedules and transaction recording/maintenance), and

● Enabling stakeholder satisfaction through quality & respectable client services;
● Seeing to accurate accounts made timely and in adherence to regulations.
● At the same time, growing & learning to take on greater responsibilities independently,
● Eventually qualifying as a trusted chartered accountant.

Skills
Audit (2 years’ work experience); Accounting (1 year professional bookkeeping); Business and finance
(Intermediate knowledge); Microsoft tools (Proficient in Excel, Word, Powerpoint)

Experience
SEPTEMBER 2015 - PRESENT

Raffles Institution, Bishan​- Alumni Cohort’s Fund Accountant/ Account Clerk
● Maintained database of alumni contacts attending a cohort’s reunion event.
● Managed collection/recording of alumni funds, at the same time, performed KYC & due diligence.
● Prepared cost budgets for the team & ensured spending of funds is within limits.
● Liaised with treasury to ensure proper banking of funds.
● Discussed potential risks that may arise in case of default payment to vendors.
● Affirmed that risks were low in alumni engagement.
OCTOBER 2014 - FEBRUARY 2015

Margin Wheeler PL (Outsourced Accounting), Bukit Batok​ - Assistant Team Lead
● Produced annual reports for local SMEs for their submission to IRAS, according to local standards.
● Prepared full set of accounts, annual filing documents, AGM minutes and tax computations
(including performing of month and year end closing of clients’ bank accounts).

● Assessed client’s ability to meet ACRA and MAS regulations, and bring them onboard the
company’s portfolio of clients.
DECEMBER 2012 - OCTOBER 2014

RT LLP, Raffles Place​ - Assistant Auditor
● Adhere to regulations and compliance standards, by performing risk assessments and critical audit
procedures according to audit plan and under the direction of my supervisors.

● In a team environment, discussed business issues with engagement partners and documented our
findings according to audit standards.

● Witnessed client on boarding action of listed companies and SMEs onto my company’s client
portfolio list.

● Attended training programmes to understand AML, KYC and other regulatory restrictions that
were necessary for my role.

● Was assessed in competencies in audit and passed.
● Completed assigned tasks under tight timelines.
JULY 2012 - SEPTEMBER 2012

GE , Tanjong Pagar​ - Contracted Consultant
● Provided consult to the Customs Specialist team in their work of coordinating audit for regional
trade.

● Corresponded with trade managers from GE business units in China, Indonesia and Malaysia etc to
garner organizational input, knowledge and support.

● Assisted in the restructuring of GE business units within the region and helped the team to
streamline customs operations.

● Achieved my role as a support and consult to the team, as I enabled them to complete their
assigned tasks well before their deadlines.

Education
AUGUST 2006 - JANUARY 2011

National University of Singapore (NUS), Singapore​ - BBA, Hons (Management); University
Scholar
AUGUST 2008 - DECEMBER 2008

Copenhagen Business School, Denmark​ - Master’s degree transcript (1 Semester)
JANUARY 2004 - DECEMBER 2005

Raffles Junior College (Now Raffles Institution), Singapore ​- 4 A’Level Distinctions in
Mathematics & Triple Science

Qualifications
● Currently at foundational level of post-graduate ACA (England and Wales) qualification under
ICAEW

● Successfully completed the Financial Risk Manager (FRM) Certification Training Program Module
● Trained in Excel Spreadsheet and creative presentations using Microsoft PowerPoint & Word

