Katrina Kuan Su Yin
Email: katrinakuansy@gmail.com | Mobile: (+65) 8157 3656

City
: Singapore
Date of Birth : 4th December 1991
Nationality : Malaysian (Singapore PR)

Profile
Currently holding a 2nd year senior audit associate position with an extensive 4 years external audit
experience in major accounting firms. Audit portfolio includes banking industries, asset & fund
management, private and publicly held manufacturing companies. Exposed and highly keen on
consultancy in market dealings & communications in a professional environment. Excellent
communicator who speaks fluent English, Malay, Chinese and Cantonese. Possesses strong team
leadership, project team management, and multi-tasking skills. Technically proficient in Microsoft
Office and data analytical skills. Enjoys communicating and developing new ideas. Keen to enhance
self-growth with more learning opportunities in a new environment and adaptable to challenges with
a positive attitude. Independent and work well under pressure.

Work Experience
KPMG, Singapore (2014 to present)
Senior Audit Associate
 4 years of audit experience in reputable banks, asset management companies and listed
manufacturing companies.
 6 months experience in Forensic Accounting projects with project management roles.
 Experience and handled compliance audit for regulatory reporting for CMSL license holders,
anti-money laundering and regulatory submissions.
 Team leader for monitoring audit team for regulatory reporting for banks and listed
manufacturing companies.
 Exposed to project budgeting and cost management.
 Exposed to monitoring of internal controls and data analysis using provided software.
 Extensive knowledge on credit review for loans provided by banks
 Facilitated good communication with internal auditors and component auditors in a different
country to complete project within stipulated timeline.
 Provided guidance and advices for preparation of annual financial statements.
 Project team leader for special projects such as the “Enterprise 50 Award Program” which
includes data compilation and analysis for awarding small-medium enterprises (SME).
Ernst & Young, EY, Malaysia (2013 to 2014)
Audit Associate
 Audit experience in audit of commercial banks and investment banks
 Exposed to loans credit review, money market funds, treasury, investments & asset management
 Performed analytical review and strategies on financial reports accordingly
 Assisted in accounts reconciliation and preparation of financial statements for financial year end

Alcatel-Lucent Malaysia Sdn Bhd (2011 – 2012)
Intern
 Assisted in accounts receivable and payable team in Finance Department
 Worked closely with Chief Financial Officer to assist in financial reporting and reconciliation of
accounts
 Fully utilized the usage of SAP accounting software
UCSI University, Malaysia (2009 – 2013)
Student Council
 Student council for National Marketing Department
 Team lead and support in publicity and organizing education fairs held in various venues
 Provided administrative support to Head of Marketing

EDUCATION
CPA, Australia (2014 – 2017)
 Completed
UCSI University, Malaysia (2009 - 2013)
 Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in Accounting with Second Upper Class with Honors
 CGPA: 3.35 out of 4.00
Kolej Tunku Abdul Rahman, Malaysia (2009)
 Cambridge A-Levels (Science)
 Merit Scholarship from Tar College
Secondary High School, Malaysia
 Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (Equivalent to GCE ‘O’ Level), 2008
 Results: 4 High Distinctions (HD), 6 Distinctions (D)

ACHIEVEMENT





UCSI Scholarship Award (2008)
Sijil Yayasan Pendidikan Cheras (YPC) Excellent Achiever Award SPM 2008
Full merit scholarship in Cambridge A Levels (Science) (2009)
Hip-hop Street Dance Award (2006)

CLUBS & ACTIVITIES
KPMG ISCA Games Badminton representative (October 2015)
EY Inter-Department Games (IDFG) Badminton representative (July 2014)
UCSI Dance Club Active participant (September 2012)
SMKSBU Librarian Board Head of Committee & Department (2008)
SMKSBU Chinese Society Club Head of Committee (2008)
SMKSBU Judo Society Head of Committee (2008)

REFEREE
Name
Position
Employer
Contact

: Melvin Tan
: Senior Manager
: KPMG, Singapore
: +65 9027 5549

Name
Position
Employer
Contact

: Tee G-Mun
: Manager
: EY, Malaysia
: +60 12 938 6681

