JOFFREY TAN KIM HAN
Nationality : Malaysian / Singaporean PR
Availability : 1 month notice
Age
: 28
Contact no. : +65 9851 8988, kintan1018@hotmail.com
An experienced and committed personnel seeking a position in an
organization. Strengths include great sensitivity on analytical review,
mathematical figure, critical thinking, as well as good team player;
willingness to strive hard to achieve goal set; processing intense desire to
learn in all undertakings which are engaged. I am a dedicated, friendly,
self-motivated and self-discipline person with an excellence
communication and interpersonal skills.

QUALIFICATIONS & EDUCATION
Dec 2004

Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Seri Ampang Ipoh
Penilaian Menengah Rendah (PMR), (GCSEs equivalent) 6As 2Bs (in top 5% of
year)

Dec 2006

Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Gunung Rapat Ipoh
SijilPelajaran Malaysia (SPM), (A-levels equivalent) 10As 1B (in top 5% of year)

May 2011

Tunku Abdul Rahman College, Kuala Lumpur
Advance Diploma in Commerce (equivalent to degree partnered with ACCA)

Feb 2012

Tunku Abdul Rahman College, Kuala Lumpur
ACCA fully qualified (whilst at KPMG)

Jan 2017

Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountant (ISCA)
Qualified Chartered Accountant (Member)

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
2014 -2016

PKF Singapore Recreational Club Chairman

2011

KPMG Malaysia Staff Welfare Club Treasurer

2008

Perak State Referee in Non-Chinese Basketball League Championship
Page 1 of 4

WORK EXPERIENCE
Jun 2013 Present

PKF - CAP LLP (Financial Advisory Department) | Singapore
Experienced Associate / Senior Associate level 2(2nd year)/Supervisor




Team Senior / Leader on a variety of Insolvency + Restructuring (40%),
Litigation Support (45%) and Forensic Accounting Investigations (15%)
Portfolio of clients up to $100m in assets includes Oil & Gas Company,
Property Management, Financial Services and Construction
Supervising a team of up to 3 staff

Selected projects in connection with insolvency/ restructuring and forensic/
litigation expert type engagements:
Litigation Support
- Assisting Independent Expert appointed by Plaintiff, in connection with Suit
No. 736 of 2012 / X to provide expert evidence for the plaintiffs’ claim for
account for profits made and / or benefits received by Defendant, as a result
of an act or conduct contrary to obligation under the undated Trust Deed
entered between the Plaintiffs and Defendants.
- Assisting Independent Expert appointed by Respondent, for a commercial
litigation held under the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC),
to provide expert evidence for a dispute arising from the Share Sales and
Purchases Agreement (SSPA) entered between the Claimant and the
Respondent, where the parties to the SSPA are in the Oil and Gas Industry.
- Assisting Court Expert, to provide expert evidence and assisting the Court
in considering the need for modification to the Scheme of Arrangement
concerning the distribution of assets in specie.
- Assisting Independent Expert appointed by Defendant, in connection with
Suit No. 783 of 2012/L to provide expert evidence for the plaintiffs’ claim
for account for profits made and/ or benefits received by Defendant, as a
result of misappropriation of funds.
- Assisting Independent Expert appointed by Defendant in a commercial
litigation concerning the allegation of professional negligence.
- Assisting Independent Expert appointed by Respondent (from Oil and Gas
Industry) in SIAC Arbitration No. 232of 2013, a commercial arbitration held
under the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC) rules, involving
a post-acquisition dispute arising from alleged breach of accounting
warranty under the Share Sales and Purchases Agreement entered between
parties.

Page 2 of 4

WORK EXPERIENCE (CONTINUED)
Creditors’/Members’ Voluntary Liquidation
- Acting as a Senior role in assisting the Liquidator in cash book management,
liaise and communicate with various parties (Lawyers, suppliers,
shareholders, customers and etc.) for various companies in Liquidation.
- Provide guidance to team member in day-to-day operations for various
companies in Liquidation.
Forensic Investigation
- Assisting Financial Expert appointed by a Company, to perform forensic
investigation into the books and records of the Company to identify the
possible misappropriation of funds by Company’s Directors.
Project Finance
- Assisting Project Director in performing Financial Modelling audit in
connection with the electric transmission project for a Listed Company in
India.
Nov 2012 May 2013

PKF - CAP LLP (Audit Department) | Singapore
Experienced Associate/Senior Associate at PKF-CAP LLP
•

Aug 2011 Sep 2012

Engagement Team Member/Senior for private limited company from
various industries.

KPMG | Malaysia
Audit Associate/Experienced Associate
•

Engagement audit team member for a subsidiary company of a public
listed company

•

Engagement team member for the consolidation team covering public
listed companies

TECHNICAL SKILLS


Has relevant knowledge relating to operation of a computer system including software
installation, formatting and fix minor hardware and software errors.



Obtained formal education and have gained years of experience in using Microsoft word,
Microsoft excel*, Microsoft power point and Auto CAD.
*Advanced Excel skills (Complex Vlookups, Pivots, Financial Modelling, basic Macros)

Page 3 of 4

PERSONAL SKILLS
Leadership Skills:


Experienced leader in various organizations and society.



Experienced leader and organizer for Motivation camp, Training Camp and various events.



Ability to communicate, tolerance, and motivate team members to work as a team.



Ability to provide clear guidance to team members in projects.

Critical Thinking/Analyzing Skills:


Always have a structured planning in carry out the specific scope of work for every
engagement especially Litigation related engagement.



Practical Experience in carry out the 5 stages problem solving skills:
(i)
Identify Issues,
(ii)
Research for relevant principle/standards,
(iii)
Applying the principle/principle on how to solve the Issues,
(iv)
Perform sensitivity analytical review to identify the possible loophole, if any; and
(v)
Provide recommendations in all aspects to superior for decision making.

Languages:


Fluent in English, Malay and Chinese in speaking, reading and writing.



Have a fair command of Cantonese and Hokkien in terms of speaking and understanding.

REFERENCES
1. Ms. Nicholas Cheong Kong Yee
Designation

Address
Contact No.

: Senior Manager
Financial Advisory Department
PKF-CAP LLP
: 6 Shenton Way #38-01 OUE Downtown 1
Singapore 068809
: +65 6500 9346, +65 9630 2804

2. Ms. Lee Yen Fern
Designation
Contact No.

: Manager, Audit M, KPMG Petaling Jaya (Currently worked as Manager in
KPMG Singapore)
: +65 8420 7790

Page 4 of 4

