Kim Zheng Hui (Jake)
• Mobile Number: (+65) 9853 0806
• Email Address: kimzhenghui@gmail.com
• Mailing Address: Blk 278A Compassvale Bow 14-545 Singapore 541278

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Accountancy (Second Upper Class Honours)

Aug 09 – Jul 12

Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
 CGPA: 4.16/5.0

International Student Exchange Programme

Aug 11 – Dec 11

Haskayne School of Business, University of Calgary, Alberta, Canada
 Attended courses from diverse faculties such as business, accounting, archaeology and primatology
 Interacted and participated in group projects with students from various cultures such as Hong Kong, Australia and Canada

GCE ‘A’ Levels

Jan 05 – Dec 06

Nanyang Junior College
 3 Distinctions in Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry

GCE ‘O’ Levels

Jan 01 – Dec 04

Anderson Secondary School
 7 Distinctions

WORK EXPERIENCE
Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd

Sep 15 – Present

Investment Analyst
 Understand funding requirements, conduct market research, undertake detailed feasibility studies and analyse investment risks
 Preparation and review of transaction legal documentation including loan documents and security documents.
 Ensure investee compliance to regulations and covenants and monitor operational and financial performance
 Participate in investment business development
 Carry out divestment functions
KPMG LLP

Sep 12 – Sep 15

Audit Senior Associate in Diversified Industries Department
 Team-in-charge for audit projects responsible for planning audit scope and leading the execution of audit work from start to end.
 Identify and analyse relationships between financial and non-financial data to develop effective audit procedures.
 Review key business processes to identify performance improvement opportunities for clients.
 Develop good client relationships to ensure deliverables are completed on time and within budget.
 Diversified experience in audit of different client type and industries such as:
- Government bodies, SGX listed companies, Multinational Companies
- Logistics, Construction, Aerospace, Transportation
 Consistent Highly Effective Performance (Above average) appraisal rating for 3 years.
Toyota Motors Asia Pacific Pte Ltd
Treasury Intern
 Manage cash through cheque issuance and applying credit advices.
 Monitor debtors’ accounts and ensure timely payment.
 Prepare Global Netting System Discrepancy Report to de-conflict AR and AP with affiliate companies.

May 11 – Jul 11

CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
Hall of Residence 10, 17th Junior Common Room Committee

Oct 10 – Sep 11

Recreational Secretary
 Managed 70 subcommittee members to promote the games in hall and ensure that welfare of recreational players are met.
 Supervise training sessions and represent hall’s recreational games interest during Inter Hall Recreational Games.
Hall of Residence 10, Event X 2010 Committee

Feb 10 – Mar 10

Financial Secretary
 Planning and allocation of finance budget and processing of invoices.
National Cadet Corps, Anderson Secondary School

Jan 01 – Jun 04

st

1 Sergeant
 Mentored the Secondary 2 platoon in drills and physical trainings
Media Club, Anderson Secondary School

Jan 02 – Jun 04

Vice President
 Oversaw the running of major schools events like Speech Day by providing audio and technical support.
 Conducted weekly trainings to maintain the technical competencies of members and maintenance of equipment.
AWARDS AND ACCREDITATIONS
 Chartered Accountant (Singapore)
 Awarded KPMG Service Excellence Team Award (Merit) for two key clients.

Sep 15 - Present
2013/2014

 Awarded Outstanding Performance Rating for National Service.

2009

 Awarded Excellent Academic Award with 3 Distinctions for GCE ‘A’ Level.

2006

 Awarded Gold Unit Award for National Cadet Corps.
 Awarded the School Colours Award (Silver) for outstanding performance in CCA.
LANGUAGE AND IT SKILLS
 Language: English and Chinese (Written & Spoken)
 IT Skills: Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access), Basic SAP, Oracle, MYOB, QuickBooks.
HOBBIES AND INTERESTS
 Reading business news
 Enjoys movies and recreational football
 Travelling

2003/2004
2004

