Goh Wuan Chin
Blk 102, Gangsa Road, #08-23 Singapore (670102)
Phone: +65 9616 7890 Email: gohwuanchin@gmail.com
WORK EXPERIENCE
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Singapore
Senior Associate, Financial Services Assurance
Dec 2014 – Present

Lead team-in-charge for statutory audits of entities under the Asset and Wealth Management industry which
include real estate funds, private equity funds and licensed fund management company.

Performed non-statutory audit engagements such as regulatory compliance audit for fund management company.

Performed client interviews to develop understanding of processes and controls, and proposed practical
recommendations on the business operational, financial and management processes.

Assisted in managing and leading a group of engagement team of up to 7 members in an audit engagement of an
asset management arm of a Singapore listed company.

Established and maintained strong client relationship resulting in client’s satisfaction at the end of engagement.

High performing individual with consistent performance rating.
RSM Chio Lim LLP, Singapore
Audit Senior
Sep 2012 – Nov 2014

Involved in audit of listed companies under industries of real estate investment trust, and investment holding with
Singapore and overseas operations.

Conducted full range of audit to SMEs in Singapore and overseas of a diverse industries which include trading,
service, hedge funds and fund management company, investment holding, and investment company.

Performed non-statutory audit engagements such as regulatory compliance audit for registered and licensed fund
management company, and agreed-upon procedures on proposed acquisition of properties for listed company.

Proposed practical recommendations on the business operational, financial and management processes.
Merrill Lynch (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Singapore
Finance Intern
Mar – Jul 2008
Contract Staff
Aug – Oct 2008

Prepared daily accounting journals for Financial Futures & Options (FF&O) activities and intercompany
transactions for Asia Pacific companies.

Performed regulatory capital compliance for FF&O on daily and quarterly reporting.

Assisted in FF&O automated process to improve daily reporting.
EDUCATION
Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA), Singapore
Chartered Accountant of Singapore

Aug 2016 – Present

Nanyang Technological University, Nanyang Business School, Singapore
Bachelor of Accountancy

Aug 2009 – May 2012

Ngee Ann Polytechnic, School of Business and Accountancy, Singapore
Diploma (with Merit) in Accountancy

Apr 2006 – May 2009

LEADERSHIP
Nanyang Technological University Students’ Union
NTU Open House 2011/2012, Deputy Chief Ambassador Leader
Sep 2011 – Mar 2012
 Involved in planning and execution of campus bus routes and student ambassador deployment
 Assisted in recruitment and training of student ambassadors in preparation of the actual event day
Nanyang Technological University, Welfare Services Club
Aug 2009– Dec 2012
Regular Service Project: Elderly at AWWA Home
Volunteer and External Centrehead
 Liaised closely with AWWA Home personals and organised programs for the beneficiaries at AWWA Home
 Assisted the Chairperson in managing club members of up to 50.
OTHERS
Computer Skills: MS Word, MS Excel, MS Powerpoint
Language: English, Mandarin
Hobbies: Community Services, Yoga, Music, Travel

