Victor Chew Poh Ming
Blk 79A Toa Payoh Central, #07-15,
Singapore 311079.
DOB: 26 Nov 1988
FIN: G0484275N

Mobile Phone (65) 9177 2702
Victor.chew.pm@gmail.com

EDUCATION
 Nanyang Technological University, Aug 2008 – Jul 2011: Bachelor of Business (Specialising in Actuarial Science)
o First Class Honours, Deans List 2010 - 2011, ASEAN Scholarship 2008 - 2011
 Anglo-Chinese Junior College, Jan 2006 – Dec 2007
o 5 Distinctions, Scholastic Merit Award 2006, ASEAN Scholarship 2006 - 2007
WORK EXPERIENCE
Assistant Manager, Insurance and Actuarial Advisory at KPMG Services Pte. Ltd. (Mar 2015 to present)
 Reviewed the product development and pricing, asset-liability management ("ALM") and actuarial valuation policy,
processes and governance at various major life insurers in Singapore and a life insurer in Vietnam. The review also includes
reviewing the strategy and calculations where applicable.
 Optimised the reporting processes of a major life insurer in Singapore such that the reporting timeline is reduced from 9
working days to 7 working days.
 Reviewed the retrocession process and performed regulatory gap analysis of a multiple reinsurers in Singapore.
 Reviewed the processes and calculations of MAS Returns Forms, Policyholder Protection Fund (“PPF”) levy, reserving and
pricing for a major life insurer in Singapore.
 Involved as the project manager on an investigation on a major life insurer in Singapore triggered by a whistleblower letter.
 Performed actuarial due diligence of a life insurer in Singapore as part of a takeover attempt. The due diligence includes
reviewing the products, embedded value, reserves, capital adequacy, and reinsurance arrangements of the insurer.
 Assisted a life insurer's exit from the Singapore market by estimating its price value under various scenarios.
 Assisted in the pension valuation of one of the largest corporations in Brunei.
 Reviewed the Deferred Acquisition Cost (“DAC”) methodology and calculations of an insurer in Sri Lanka.
 Performed financial statement and group reporting audits of various tier 1 and tier 2 insurers in Singapore. The coverage
includes embedded value, reserves (both statutory and group reporting) and new business reporting.
Consultant, Internal Audit at Deloitte & Touche Enterprise Risk Services (Jul 2011 to Feb 2015)
 Victor was with the Internal Audit team, specialising in the audit of financial institutions (in particular, fund management
companies):
o Audited the portfolio construction, investment due diligence, portfolio management, pricing, valuation, and
investor reporting processes of various fund management companies.
o Performed regulatory compliance gap analysis for various fund management companies.
o Reviewed the adequacy of risk management practices of several fund management companies.
o Audited the Anti-Money Laundering and Know-Your Customer process of a trust company.
o Performed multiple audits of the retail banking, credit management and trade finance of a foreign bank
operating in Singapore.
o Assessed the IT general controls of a fund accounting company and an insurance company.
 Additionally, Victor also has experience auditing the following processes:
o Audited cash, bank & treasury, sales & marketing, sales & distribution, accounts receivable, accounts
payable, procurement, production, quality, asset care, warehouse management, human resources, fixed assets,
and general ledger processes of a manufacturing company based in Nepal and Sri Lanka.
o Conducted business process review of fund administration, treasury & budgetary management, programme
management, billing & collections, human resource & payroll, credit control, and inventory management
processes of various non-profit organisations.
o Reviewed the project management, procurement, payment and fixed assets processes of a ministry and
various statutory boards in Singapore.
o Audited the property development, project management, procurement, and payroll functions of various
property development firms.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 Proficient in English and Malay Languages

