Benjamin Lim Min Xiang
Blk 254 Serangoon Central Drive
#03-213, Singapore 550254
benjilmx10@gmail.com
+65-82000353
https://sg.linkedin.com/pub/benjamin-lim-min-xiang/76/210/857

KEY SKILLS
Proficient in Hedge Funds, Private Equity, Hedge Fund Accounting, OTC and derivatives such as
Futures, Forwards and Options.
Capable of cash and positions reconciliations of high asset value funds trading various financial
instruments such as bonds, equities, swaps, OTCs and derivatives.
Highly skilled in advanced excel and MS Office to facilitate work processes.
Possess operational knowledge in Bloomberg, Geneva, TRADAR and PAXUS software.
Fund Setup and Private Placement Memorandum (PPM) review.
Team-player; able to work independently.
Strong passion of learning and teaching.
WORKING EXPERIENCES
Swiss-Asia Financial Services Pte. Ltd.
Aug 15 – Present
Ops Analyst [Fund Accounting and Operations]
Prepare P&L summaries through price verification, position reconciliation and overall P&L analysis
of the portfolio.
Liaison with prime brokers, custodians, administrators, auditors, lawyers and various counterparties.
Review and confirm NAV figures from various fund administrators for all in-house funds.
Trade break resolution with counterparties to ensure timely settlement of cash trades.
Prepare cash flow projection to ensure sufficient funding for trade settlement.
Handle cash management and daily reconciliation, including expense disbursement.
Portfolio management, conversion and booking of complex trades and corporate actions.
Assist in the setup of new funds.
Preparation of Financial Statements for annual audit and meeting Fund Annual Return (FAR)
deadline.
Perform KYC and proper due diligence on potential investors.
Assist in documenting board resolutions and minutes.
Preparation of monthly fact sheets.
Assist in investor relations.
Involve in continual streamlining of existing operating processes.
Citibank, Alternative Fund Investment Services
Apr 14 – Jul 15
Hedge Fund Accountant
Outsourced simpler BAUs to offshore team for cost and manpower savings creating capacity for
newer and more profitable business.
Involved in massive fund migration/conversion project, with total asset under management (AUM)
size of up to USD 600m.
Pioneered the setup and automation of a fast growing fund with little pressure added on existing
infrastructures.
Continual improvement to existing templates through excel automation and macro to achieve
productivity savings of up to 50%.
Responsible for existing work-flow reviews to ensure productivity and mitigate unnecessary risks to
counterparty.

Page 1 of 2

Managed a team of offshore counterparts.
Ensured NAV deliverable are strictly compliant to SLA and SOC1 requirements.
Preparation of financial statements for annual fund audit.
Key liaison with prime brokers, custodians and clients to resolve trades/corporate actions
discrepancies.
Fostered cordial working relationship with Hedge Fund clients.
Citco Fund Services
Oct 12 – Apr 14
Ops Analyst
Effectively applied advanced excel skill and keyboard shortcuts to prepare daily trades, position and
cash reconciliations for hedge fund 2sigma and Dymon Asia Capital in line with daily SLA.
Accurate reconciliation with no feedback from local offices.
Independent break resolution for all open items with the brokers or clients.
Improved overall team efficiency by reducing time-taken for personal reconciliations up to 10% via
the use of Excel functions and tools.
Mentored and cross-trained team-mates on heavily-traded funds that dealt with complex
derivatives, OTCs to vanilla securities.
Worked effectively with Business Analysts, clients and other Citco offices to resolve any open issues.
Monitored and analyzed daily portfolio pricing.
Assist in fund migrations within and outside of Singapore office.

EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS
University of London (International Programmes)
Singapore Institute of Management
Bachelor of Science in Economics and Management (Honours)
1st Class Honours
University of London for Academic Achievement in 2012
Letter of commendation from London School of Economics
Singapore Polytechnic
Diploma in Biotechnology
Certificate of Commendation - SPINNOVEX 2007 Project Exhibition

Aug 09 – May 12

Jul 04 – Jun 07

Page 2 of 2

