ERIC TAUFAN
29-04, 15 Evelyn Road
Singapore 309311

+65-91446985
erictaufan@gmail.com

PROFILE
• Brought along more than 8 years of professional experience with primary focus on financial
advisory services.
• A diligent, attention-to-detail, quick-to-adapt and self-driven individual with strong sense of
responsibility to accomplish a task well done.
• A fast learner and a committed team player who will push boundaries of personal limits to contribute
to the organization.
• Excellent interpersonal and analytical skills, accompanied with strong background in financial and
accounting knowledge.
• Working status: Singaporean permanent resident.
WORK EXPERIENCE
KPMG Services Pte. Ltd., Singapore
Associate Director – Transaction Services, Deal Advisory
July 2016 – Present
Manager – Transaction Services, Deal Advisory
April 2015 – June 2016
• Specialized in financial due diligence services in relation to corporate acquisitions and investment
pursuits in Singapore, India, UAE, Japan, Malaysia, Indonesia and other parts of the region.
• Various M&A transaction experience include:
o Acquisition of subsea infrastructure listed in SGX and shipping group in the Middle East;
o Acquisition of power plant infrastructure within the Asian region;
o Acquisition of healthcare group with hospitals spanning across Asia;
o Acquisition of several electronic payment processing and solution businesses based in Asia;
o Acquisition of several IT businesses based in Asia and listed in SGX, e.g. online accommodation
booking, mobile application developers, cyber security, hardware and peripherals
• Past major clients include multinational corporations and listed companies in Singapore, Japan,
USA and Australia.
• Other roles include Accounts Manager for one of Singapore’s sovereign wealth funds and training
coordinator for more than 40 staff in the Transaction Service department.
KPMG LLP, Singapore
Manager – Audit
July 2013 – March 2015
Assistant Manager – Audit
July 2012 – June 2013
Senior Associate – Audit
July 2010 – June 2012
Associate – Audit
September 2008 – July 2010
• Involved in planning, leading and managing audit assurance engagements for a portfolio of
multinational and SGX-listed clients across a diversified range of industries, including
infrastructure, energy provision, construction, shipping, manufacturing and trading.
• Consulted clients on financial accounting and reporting compliance and internal controls.
• Provided external trainings on topics, such as impairment of non-financial assets and cash flows
projections.
• Supervised more than 20 audit staff and reported to multiple audit partners each year.
• Engaged in sustainability reporting assurance projects in Malaysia and Indonesia.
• Past major clients include: Mediterranean Shipping Company, SembCorp Marine Limited, Wilmar
International Limited, General Electric, and Airbus Southeast Asia Helicopters.

ERIC TAUFAN
29-04, 15 Evelyn Road
Singapore 309311

+65-91446985
erictaufan@gmail.com

WORK EXPERIENCE (CONT’D)
American Express Private Bank, Singapore
Management Intern – Private Banking Department
May 2007 – June 2007
• Supported the private banking team to perform market research and analysis on various investment
products (e.g. mutual fund and forward contracts) for potential marketing presentation tools to
clients.
Ernst & Young LLP, Jakarta, Indonesia
Management Intern – Audit
May 2006 – June 2006
• Involved in the audit of an SGX-listed commodity client with operation in Eastern Kalimantan,
Indonesia.
EDUCATION/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants, Singapore
• Member since 2012.
Sauder School of Business, University of British Columbia, Canada
• Bachelor of Commerce, Major in Accounting and Minor in E-Business.
• UBC Entrance Scholarship, 2004 – awarded for academic excellence.
CLUB ACTIVITIES & COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
Member, KPMG Dragon Boat, Singapore
• Participated in DBS Marina Regatta and various corporate races.

2012 – Present

2004 – 2008

2012 – 2014

Volunteer, Community Service, Singapore
2009 – 2014
• Participated in cleaning old folks’ flats in Bedok, Singapore.
• Participated in providing fun learning activities for kids at Grace Orchard School in Jurong,
Singapore.
SKILLS & LANGUAGES
Skills:
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and Power Point.
Languages: Fluent in English and Indonesian.

