Yuhaini Eusope
Contact No: +65 9645 4090 - E-mail: e.yuhaini@gmail.com - Nationality: Singaporean

Banking operations specialist with 9 years’ work experience in global financial institutions in
Singapore and Japan. Experienced in bank functions ranging from investment banking operations to
private wealth operations, serving as an effective point of contact for traders, sales and relationship
managers.
Areas of Expertise/Skills







Banking Operations
Derivatives & FX Product Knowledge
Process Improvement
Issuance & Settlement Services
IBF Qualified (Level 1) in Corporate Banking (Specialisation: Enterprise/Wholesale Banking)
Fluent in English and Malay, Japanese (N2) and Korean (Topik II Grade 3).

Work Experience
Collateral Management and Lending Officer (Department: Global Securities Financing
Operations)
Clearstream Banking S.A.Singapore
November 2015 to Present


Oversees Triparty Collateral Management process which involves the handling of trade
notifications/closures and all related collateral life cycle actions
Trade reconciliation and customer report handling process such as exceptions, fails handling,
custody actions related to the Collateral Management process
Administer the securities lending process which includes the timely input and settlement of trades.
Supported Sales team in handling customer queries related to the Triparty Collateral Management
services and lending services





Securities Administrator (Department: Issuance and Distribution Services)
Clearstream Banking S.A.Singapore
April 2012 to November 2015








Evaluated eligibility of prospectuses and term sheets for international and domestic issues based
on Terms & Conditions
Mitigated operational risks by strictly enforcing control measures and procedures.
Supported the firm to fulfil its regulatory obligations through timely investigation on all suspect
cases flagged by Compliance screening tools.
Key member of team for new client service offering to set up security codes for Taiwanese
securities in Taiwan domestic market.
Developed expert knowledge in assessing prospectuses and termsheets.
Maintained perfect record in client servicing, experiencing 0 claim from customers, contributing to
high service level delivered by team.
Led training for an electronic ISIN- application system to new client as part of client on-boarding
process.

FX Operations (Contract Hire)
Goldman Sachs Japan
October 2010 to March 2011
 Liaised with institutional counterparties for trade confirmations.
 Ensured trades were accurately booked, with a keen eye for identifying discrepancies.
 Rectified discrepancies in trade bookings through direct liaison with traders, eliminating errors in
settlement.
 Established excellent working relationships with client-facing traders despite operational back-end
role.
 Developed an understanding of working with local Japanese stakeholders.

1

Derivatives Client Services (Department: Global Markets and Investment Banking)
Merrill Lynch Global Services Pte Ltd
July 2008 to December 2009
 Part of key task force in charge of liaising with back-office of institutional clients on derivatives
trade settlement issues.
 Led team of 3 to spearhead migration of Australian trading desk servicing from Japan office to
Singapore.
 Minimized trade discrepancies and resolved them efficiently by collaborating with front office, trade
support and finance teams.
 Integral point of contact for middle office, finance and external counterparties.
 Participated in 2 global UATs to enhance working procedures through system improvements
 Ensured smooth transition by overseeing and implementing new workflows and documenting
manuals for transfer of work functions.
 Improved system interface to make information more efficiently available to users, reducing daily
processes by 1 man-hour.
Cash Control Analyst (Department: Global Markets and Investment Banking)
Merrill Lynch Global Services Pte Ltd
July 2007 to July 2008
 Reconciled nostro accounts, ensuring funds received are applied accordingly.
 Minimized exceptions and managed them in a methodical manner.
Operations Analyst (Global Wealth Management)
Merrill Lynch Global Services Pte Ltd
July 2006 to July 2007
 Executed client requests accurately and in a timely manner, acting as critical liaison for internal
clients in client-facing roles.
 Acquired expert knowledge of private banking, remittance and payment processes.
Education
2014
Operations Certificate Programme (OCP)
ICMA Executive Education in Brussels, Belgium
2010
Advanced Intensive Japanese Programme
The Yamasa Institute, Okazaki (Aichi Prefecture) Japan
2006
Bachelor of Engineering (Mechanical) Honours
National University of Singapore

2

