JADEY LI
(852) 5617 65 89
jadeyltli@gmail.com
www.facebook.com/jadeyli

Graduating with a Law degree in 2010, I have
taken the knowledge and skills I have learnt and
applied this to a business environment, helping
businesses to thrive, whilst looking at things in a
diligent manner. I am a passionate and
hardworking individual, with a vision to succeed,
With over 10 years of Business Development and
Marketing experience, I also have great
relationship building and sales skills. .

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
& MARKETING MANAGER
LANGUAGES
English Native proficiency
Cantonese Native proficiency
Mandarin Business proficiency
EDUCATION
LLB LAW
Northumbria University 2006-2010.
LEVEL 3 PUBLIC INTERPRETATION
Open Network University 2009-2010

SKILLS
Legal Research and Knowledge
Marketing
Business Strategising
Salesforce/ Infusionsoft
CRM Management
Microsoft Oﬃce

EXPERIENCE
CITCO, Hong Kong
Business Development & Mar Com Manager, 2016
– 2017
Responsible for new business sales to
Multinational corporations, Hedge Funds and
Private Equity funds across Asia.
Responsibilities include networking with new and
existing clients across APAC, planning and building
a sales pipeline, planning and management of
events, writing and developing internal and
external material for marketing and external
communication purposes. Research into
competitors and preparing analysis and reports.
Knowledge and handling of AML and KYC.
CORVAIN, Hong Kong
Business Development & Mar Com Manager, 2015
– 2016 (Contract Based)
Market Entry planning into Asia for a Luxury
Consumer goods company related. My
responsibilities was to plan and execute the
marketing and business development strategy for
market entry into initially Hong Kong and across
APAC. I was brought into the company to launch
the product which included writing and planning
digital content, Agency Management and
management of marketing team, planning and
installing window and retail displays. Production of
trade and consumer events. Communication of
brand messaging from a corporate level down to
consumers and channel partners. Producing and
presenting pitches to existing and new clients
Reason for Leaving: Contract ended
H Group Inter national, UK
Director of Business Development and Marketing
Communications , 2013 – 2015
Event Management company, heading up the
Event production and overseeing the relationship
building and commercial responsibilities. Looking
at external communications, building presentations
and pitches. Meeting with clients and scoping out
new clients. Growing existing client accounts and

managing contractual obligations of partners.
Building a pipeline of clients.
Reason for Leaving: Relocated back to Hong
Kong
King & Wood Mallesons, HK
Paralegal, 2011 - 2012
Legal research and assistance with knowhow and
special duties to projects and Disputes team.
Reason for Leaving: Team relocated back to
Melbourne.
L’oreal
Account Manager, 2007-2011
Looking after diﬀerent beauty counters in retail
stores. Duties included looking after staﬀ training,
new product launches, operations of diﬀerent
counters, messaging, marketing, Event
management, and full commercial responsibility of
the counters. Full time employment whilst in Law
school to build up commercial experience.
Reason for leaving: Moved back home to
Northern Ireland after university

