TAY YHEE LIN, AMANDA

10 Toh Yi Road, Singapore 596493  [+65] 98300688  amandatayyl@gmail.com

WORK EXPERIENCE

FundedHere, Singapore

2017-present
Head, Investor Network
 FundedHere is the first MAS-licensed debt-and-equity crowdfunding platform; raising funds for companies on the catalyst and startups.
 Responsible for building out Accredited Investors network of ultra/high networth individuals, institutional investors and family offices.
 Manage investment memorandum, investor reporting and strategic client meetings.

Partners Group AG, Singapore
2015-2016
Associate, Senior Product Manager, Product Management department
 Product manager for the flagship direct investments program; responsibilities include providing investor updates on their portfolios,
producing investment write-ups on new investments and exits, and serving as main investor contact for the direct equity program.
 Managed strategic department initiatives with the objective of improving operation flow, process automation, client delivery and user
experience with the online platform.
 Responsible for quarterly investor reporting with update publications, pitch books and sales support materials.
 Servicing requests from external fund managers by addressing portfolio-related, investment performance and audit enquiries.
Douglas-Westwood Pte Ltd, Singapore

2012-2015
Analyst, FLNG & OSV Specialist
 Author of 2015’s edition of Douglas-Westwood’s World LNG 2015-2019, 2014’s edition of the World FLNG 2014-2018 and co-author of
Onshore Pipelines 2013-2017 publications. [see ‘Publications & Editorials’ section]
 Commercial and financial due diligence for the investment banks and private equity firms on various IPO listing and growth capital
investment projects. [see ‘IPO Support & Independent Market Analysis’ section]
 Business advisory engagements for offshore sector players looking to enter a new sector, expansion of an existing business and other related
bespoke consultancy work. [see ‘Strategic Business Advisory’ section]
 Presented at industry conferences and in project-bid exercises. Constantly reaching out to industry prospects/contacts to seek potential
consulting mandates. Studied and developed in-depth knowledge of industry trends, competition and services to keep initiatives relevant.

UBS AG Investment Bank, Hong Kong

2009-2011
Sales / Roadshow Coordinator, Australia/New Zealand Equities Sales
 Managed and liaise with research analysts, event marketing team, logistics vendors to put together roadshows and conferences bringing
together over 60 investors and companies primarily in the natural resources, mining and gaming space.
 Assisted in the preparation of company deck including its equity story, financial information, sector comparables and recent transactions.
Graduate Intern, Legal & Compliance
 Monitored grey list and other matters relating to Chinese Wall and IBD Control Room.
 Drafted and compiled various risk control report detailing non-compliance, resolution and other risk related statistics to HKMA and SFC.
 Managed offshoring/outsourcing projects; facilitate regulatory notification requirements with APAC, EMEA and US compliance officers.
 Coordinated IB Monitoring alerts and produced related monthly statistical reports; organized reviews in support of the Operational Risk
Inventory; assist in closing out significantly aged monitoring alerts.

Global Intelligence Alliance Pte Ltd, Singapore

2009 (<1 year)
Intern, Business Development Department in a business consulting agency specialized in fast-moving consumer goods
 Prepared white paper, strategic profile comparison and project proposals for companies including F&N Coca-Cola, Unilever Proctor &
Gamble and other major FMCG companies.
 Drafted sector competition landscape, regulatory analysis and execute circa 5 mandates relating to inbound/outbound growth strategies for
FMCG companies in Singapore, Asia and Greater China market segments.
 Prospected potential FMCG clients through cold-calling towards the development of consulting mandates.

HSBC Singapore, Singapore

2008 (<1 year)
Summer Associate, Personal Financial Services
 Facilitated collaborative relationships with insurance, fund management companies and other product providers to strategically formulate a
business plan in line with overall department strategy to optimize product portfolio and to improve distribution strategy.
 Conducted competitor analysis on investment-linked and life insurance products based on premium, coverage and added riders.
 Supported the revamp of Wealth Management products training materials for personal wealth managers.

Singapore Exchange Limited, Singapore
Summer Intern, Risk Management and Regulatory Department
 Conducted research related to the conflict of interest acting as a Self-Regulatory Organization receiving regulatory income.
 Drafted preliminary case study and recommendations on the administration of regulatory income.

2007 (<1 year)

SELECT WORK & CONFERENCES

Publications & Editorials

 Author of DW Monday editorial, ‘Australia LNG – A Lost Cause?’; re-published in Offshore Energy Today, Marine Technology News,
PennEnergy, The Marine Executive, LNG Industry, Rigzone and Oil & Gas Financial Journal.
 Author of the 2014’s edition of the FLNG publication as published in various editorials - such as LNG World News, MarineLink, OE Digital
and Oil & Gas Technology and Offshore Magazine.
 Co-author of the World Onshore Pipelines 2013-2017 publication as outlined in Pipeline & Gas Journal, Society of Petroleum Engineers and
BizJournals.

IPO Support & Independent Market Analysis






Commercial advisory team for KKR’s acquisition of Weststar Aviation, an offshore sector aviation services company.
IPO support for Maybank on Scomi Group, a deepwater drilling services company.
Commercial due diligence for Headland Capital on Samson Maritime, an offshore service vessels company.
Independent market analysis for Navis Capital on the Corrosion Resistant Alloy market.

Strategic Business Advisory

 Bespoke consultancy for Samsung Engineering on the offshore sector including drilling rigs, fixed platforms, FPSOs, FLNG, FSRUs, offshore
pipelines and SURF markets.
 Business planning with GE Energy, looking at business supply chain for floating and fixed production systems.
 Market review and forecast for EMAS on the liftboat market.
 Industry consultation on various industry stakeholders on the drilling mud motor bearing market.

Conferences

 UBS Australasian Investor Briefings 2011 – Lead organizer for UBS investor conference for natural resources companies based in
Australasia.
 GST Conference 2012 – Presenter and speaker at the plenary session.
 DNV Conference 2012 – Author and project leader of the main presentation material, The Challenges of Offshore E&P in APAC.
 Attendee and active participant at 9th Annual LNG World OSEA Conference 2013, SPRING Singapore 2013, OSV Conference 2013, etc.
EDUCATION

Nanyang Technological University, Nanyang Business School

2006-2009

Bachelor of Business (Honours), Banking and Finance
 Champion (NTU representative), Avenues 07 Annual International Business Festival [International business case competition]
 Finalist (NTU representative), Thammasat Undergraduate Business Challenge [International business case competition]
 Recipient, NTU Colours Award [University award in recognition of sports excellence and leadership]
 Runner up, Nanyang Business Case Competition [Annual school-wide business strategy competition]
 Assistant Vice-president of Training and Development, NBS Business Solutions [Business strategy interest club]
 Sub-committee Member, NTU Investment Interactive Club [Investment interest club]
 Swimming Captain, NTU swim team

National Junior College

2004-2005

GCE ‘A’ Levels
 Recipient, NJC Colours Award [Award in recognition of sports excellence and leadership]
 House Captain & Executive Committee member, NJC 37th Student Council
 Swimming Captain, NJC swim team

Raffles Girls’ School Secondary

2000-2003

GCE ‘O’ Levels
 Recipient, Edusave Entrance Scholarship for Independent Schools
 Recipient, Singapore South Zone Schools’ Sports Council Award [for achievement in swimming]
 Executive Committee, RGS swim team
ACTIVITIES

Young Women Leadership Connection

2009-present

Chairperson, Founding Exco-member
 Organized 40 core members in community initiatives and mentorship programmes in collaboration with grassroots
organizations and UBS AG.

Ministry of Parliament Mentorship

2009, 2010

Singapore Swimming Association

1999-2009

 Mentorship with former Cabinet Minister for Finance and Transport (Mrs. Lim Hwee Hua).
 Supported and volunteered at the weekly Meet-the People sessions and Serangoon community programmes.
 Medalist, 1st and 2nd South East Asia Inter-club Swimming Championships.
 Recipient, Certificate by SPEX 21 for outstanding performance in Singapore Sports Council/Singapore Swimming
Association Swimming Development Scheme.

