Aimee, Xuan QI
Mobile phone: 65- 8556 0169

E- mail: aimeechiqi@gmail.com

Summary
Place of Birth

Beijing

Nationality
Residence

Hong Kong Permanent Resident
Singapore

Language(s)

Englis h and Mandarin

Successful sales professional with extensive experience in Greater China and South East Asia and
wide connection with financial institutions and high net worth individuals. Strong financial product
knowledge in financial products across different asset classes. A committed and self-motivated team
player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Fluent in English and Mandarin.

Professional Experience
Bloombe rg L.P. Singapore
Aug 2014 to Jun 2017
Fixed Income and Derivatives Valuation – South East Asia Specialist
Responsible for developing Fixed Income and cross-assets derivatives valuation business in SEA
Regions including Singapore, Malaysia,Brunei, Philippines, Indonesia and India etc.
Major clients include Regional Banks, PBs, Asset Managers and Sovereign Wealth Funds in the
region.
Note: Fro m Mar 2013 to July 2014, taking t ime off to take care of my child.

Barclays Capital Asia Limited
May 2010 - Feb 2013
Director, Multi Assets Sales, Hong Kong
Responsible for developing China Institutional business and providing cross assets investment
products and asset allocation solutions to leading onshore and offshore Chinese financial
institutions .
Successfully developed Barclays Fixed Income and Cash Equity business in China.
Major clients include sovereign wealth funds, top tier and second tier banks, private banks, asset
managers and HNW clients in China and HK.
China Investment Corporation (CIC)
May 2010 - Nov 2010
Secondee, Relative Value Investment Department, Beijing
Worked in CIC under a 6 months secondment arrangement between Barclays and CIC to facilitate
the fixed income tactical asset allocation and relative value investment.
Built up good relationship with Fixed Income, Equity, Alternative Investment Department of CIC

Man Investments (Hong Kong) Limited
Apr 2009 - May 2010
Director, Sales-China Market, Hong Kong
Responsible for developing the hedge funds business in the asset management, retail banking and
private banking areas in China, HK.
Worked closely with China Merchant Bank PB to provide hedge fund linked products to its high net
worth clients in China, HK and Taiwan.

BNP Paribas Hong Kong Branch
Aug 2005 - Jan 2009
Director, Equity & Derivatives Sales, Hong Kong
Responsible for developing equity-derivatives business in China.
Successfully introduced equity- and fund-linked structured products to institutional and HNW
clients in China. Major clients include onshore and offshore entities in China and HK..
ING Bank N.V. Hong Kong
May 2004 - Jun 2005
Vice President, Cross Products Sales, Financial Market, Hong Kong
Responsible for providing fixed income and FX linked solutions to major Chinese banks including
ICBC, BOC, ABC, CCB and second tier banks. Major products included snowball, target
redemption, CMS DRA etc.
Deals volume ranked No. 1 in ICBC’s wealth management business

COFCO, Head Office
Apr 1998 - Apr 2004
Senior Manager, Treasury Division, Beijing
Responsible for coordinating projects in restructuring, M&A, listed company asset injection projects
and overseas short-term and long-term financing programs.
Responsible for investing into yield enhance products including CLN, Dual currency deposits etc to
improve the return of the group’s foreign currency assets as well as hedging solutions..

Education
Central University of Finance and Economics, Beijing
Master of Economics in Accounting with Honors

Sep 1995 - Jan 1998

Central University of Finance and Economics, Beijing
Bachelor of Economics in Accounting with Honors

Sep 1991 – Jul 1995

Professional Qualifications
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), since Aug 2006
Non-practical Certified Public Accountant (CPA), since Sept 1996
Chinese Institution of Certified Public Accountant (CICPA) , since Sept 1996

References
Available upon request

