SAKHITHA ABEYSEKERA
(+971)50 387 6336
sakhitha_ab@hotmail.com
2202, Abbco Tower,
Al Nahda, Sharjah - U.A.E.
17th of May, 1983
-------------------------------------------------------SUMMARY
A dynamic, results-driven, and disciplined professional having 10+ years of progressive
experience and a focus on the Banking and Financial Services industries with a proven
ability of acquiring, managing, and retaining profitable relationships with both individual
and corporate clients, strategic planning, team management & working in fast-paced sales
environments.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY (HIGHLIGHTS)
Investments Manager – Institutional Sales
Pinnacle Asset & Investment Management ME – Dubai, U.A.E.
February, 2016 – December, 2016.
 Acquiring clients of high net worth, both individual and corporate, with an investable
surplus, and continuously growing the liability portfolio.
 Assessing clients’ risk appetite levels to recommend solutions to meet their return
requirements.
 Consistently generating sales volumes exceeding USD 200,000 a month.
 Maintaining a healthy pipeline for future investments and potential client meetings
through updating and preserving a comprehensive database of preferred clientele.
 Managed a cumulative asset book worth over USD 5 Million.
 Built and maintained a healthy network of individuals and corporates for mutual
business referrals.
 Liaising with internal departments for the timely payout of referral incentives.
 Continuous focus on generating quality business opportunities over quantity.

Relationship Manager – Mortgages
Mashreq Bank PSC. – Dubai, U.A.E.
February, 2015 – November, 2015.
 Securing clients for mortgages, refinances, and take-overs exceeding a total disbursable
value of AED. 75 Million.
 Generating leads to acquire NTB clients, creating the opportunity to sell an array of the
banks products such as salary accounts, credit cards, fixed-term deposits, etc.



Initiated and maintained relationships with units across the bank – trading and large
corporates, emerging corporates, and retail sales – assuring a smooth & healthy
pipeline of business opportunities.

Relationship Manager – International Investments
Damac Properties PJSC. – Dubai, U.A.E.
December, 2013 – December, 2014.
 Experienced in generating leads of UHNIs with an ability to withhold investments for
long-term gains, both locally and overseas.
 Securing clients for residential, commercial, and investment properties worth over
AED. 90 Million, while achieving sales volumes in excess of AED. 20 Million.
 Built and maintained relationships with existing clients, thereby generating repeat
sales and referrals, based on trust, loyalty, and mutual understanding.
 Created a network and relationships with both individuals and corporates, local and
overseas, for lead generation to maximize business opportunities.
 Uniquely managed to build a database of investors with over 35,000 contact details.

Business Development Manager
Nations Trust Bank PLC. – Colombo, Sri Lanka.
February, 2008 – February, 2013.
(Awards: Best Team Leader – 2011 & 2009 / 1st Runner up – 2012 & 2010)
 Recruiting, training, and mentoring 80+ sales staff in the department, along with 4
other BDMs.
 Achieving assigned target volumes through the team, via the creation of profitable
business avenues within the set parameters, while growing the asset portfolio valued at
>LKR. 4 Billion, in 2012.
 Initiated and developed a product line in conjunction with legal, compliance, and
product development, giving the bank an edge over all competition to capitalize on a
large market segment.
 Being the only BDM recruited externally, achieving zero fraudulent files through the
tenure, while over-achieving sales targets.
 Managing a team of 15+ Senior, Junior, and Trainee Business Development Officers.
 Presenting performances related data to the Senior Management, and Board of
Directors, regularly.
 Managing & maintaining relationships with large corporates in order to capitalize on
bulk sales via corporate promotions.
 Arranging training programmes, performance recognition reward systems, assessing
criteria for promotions.

Marketing Executive promoted to Team Leader
Seylan Merchant Leasing PLC – Colombo, Sri Lanka.
January, 2004 – March, 2007.
 Assuring team targets are achieved through the provision of vehicle leasing facilities to
individual and corporate clients.

 Assisting the underperforming team members discover potential markets.
 Meeting and building relationships with agents and agencies, vehicle dealerships, etc.
for sales leads and volume achievement.
 Promoted to Team Leader based on merit.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY (OTHERS)
Marketing Executive
Apparel Technologies (Pvt) Ltd – Colombo, Sri Lanka.
April, 2007 – March, 2008.

Marketing Trainee
Unilever Ceylon Limited – Colombo, Sri Lanka.
January, 2003 – July, 2003.

Trainee Marketing Executive
Al Ghurair City – Dubai, U.A.E.
October, 2001 – August, 2002.

ACADEMIC HISTORY
International Certificate in Advanced Wealth Management
Chartered Institute for Securities & Investment (CISI) – London, U.K.
In Progress

Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Edith Cowan University – Perth, Australia.
Awaiting acceptance from universities in the U.A.E to resume.

International Certificate in Wealth and Investment Management
Chartered Institute for Securities & Investment (CISI) – London, U.K.
January, 2017. Pass (76/100)

Bachelor of Business Administration
Edith Cowan University – Perth, Australia.
2008.

Diploma in Business Adminstration
Perth Institute of Business and Technology – Perth, Australia.
January, 2007.

REFERENCES
Will be provided upon request

