Sani Tsuruta CV

Sani Hibri TSURUTA
Dubai – UAE

Work Experience
Jun 15 – Jul 2016

Lebanon and Gulf bank (LGB bank)
Business Development Manager

UAE

Achievements:
 Research, identify and build a data base of UAE and GCC institutional and HNWI prospects
 Introduced the bank to various institutions and High Networth Individuals in the GCC region
 Initiated contact with leading institutions for strategic partnerships
 Corporate banking: Originate and develop relationships for trade finance, loans and credit applications
across the GCC
 Raised funds for the bank’s various products and services
 Connected with the DIFC and related consultants with regards to getting a Cat 1 license and set up a
wealth management platform
Job responsibilities:
 Set up an asset and wealth management platforms
 Assist in obtaining a banking license under the DIFC
 Promote and increase awareness of the bank across the GCC in general and the UAE in particular
 Manage the sales effort and raise funds for the Bank’s various products and services
 Identify and engage with prospects for strategic partnerships
Sep 08 – Apr 15

The National Investor (TNI)
Senior Vice President - Institutional Sales and Business Development

UAE

Achievements:
 Fundraised for the AM and PE products and placed deals for the Investment Banking division, in
addition to closing tailored discretionary mandates for institutions with specific requirements (shariah
compliant, multi asset class, balanced, regional, dividend payout ….)
 Focused sales and marketing activities on TNI’s core prospects, ie, UAE HNWI, Institutions, Family
offices, Insurance companies, pension funds and Banks, maintain relationships with existing clients and
develop relationships across the GCC (mainly UAE, KSA, Kuwait, Bahrain and Oman), Europe (mainly
UK, Switzerland and Nordic countries), Asia (mainly Japan and Asia–Pacific region) as well as the
Levant area.
 Successfully researched, screened and signed up placement agents in the GCC, UK, Switzerland and
Japan for introduction as well as distribution of TNI AM products and services.
 Signed agreements with major GCC banks and European institutions for the distribution of TNI funds on
their Private banking / Wealth management and fund platforms.
 Raised funds from local, regional as well as European institutions, comprising insurance companies,
pension funds, family offices, fund of funds and endowments, in spite of the difficult Global economic
situation.
 Planned and executed Road Shows throughout MENA, Europe and Japan.
 Put TNI on the radar of major GCC, Levant, European and Asian Financial Institutions and successfully
promoted TNI asset management and Private equity capabilities and Funds in MENA, Europe and Asia.
 Represented the Asset Management Group (AMG) in the committee for the upgrade of the Dubai
Office’s DFSA license to Category III. This involved coordinating with respective departments
(Investment Management team, Legal, compliance and Operations) for the preparation of DFSA
requirements in terms of AMG Business Plan, Operating Procedures’ Manual, Service Level
Agreements …).
 Set up and draft function definition for the creation of a Business Support, Client Relationship
Management and Client Services unit. This involves dedicated client relationship manager to cater to
clients’ needs and requirements in addition to systematic weekly / monthly reporting.
 Headed the committee for set up and launch of new funds. This involved, besides the coordination with
all departments within TNI, researching and choosing the most suitable jurisdiction for Fund
domiciliation, deciding on proper fund structure, sending out RFPs and negotiating with leading Global
Custodians / Administrators / Auditors / Law Firms / Fiduciary oversight agents. As a result, TNI was
recognized as a fund promoter and manager by the Irish regulator and was the first Abu Dhabi based
company to launch a UCITS fund out of Dublin.
Job responsibilities:
 Manage and lead the sales team.

1

Sani Tsuruta CV













2007 – 2008

Maintain, Manage and Expand business relationships with existing clients.
Identify and prospect core franchise clients for TNI.
Screen and appoint distributors, placement agents and third party marketers.
Identify TNI AM’s product needs, up-grade and development requirements, and closely work with the
Head of the division to bring TNI AM up to international standards in terms of team and offering
structures.
Research Regional and Global trends with regards to type of offering requirements and choice of
jurisdictions.
Research, Prospect and Establish contact with major Regional and Foreign Institutions including Asset /
Investment / Wealth Management companies, Private equity firms, Financial advisers, Private Banks,
Insurance companies, Pension Funds, Family offices and HNWI.
Retain existing assets, and Increase new assets under management.
Prepare and Execute a sales plans and Road Shows.
Monitor and Assess Regional as well as Global competitors’ product structures & performance in order
to strategically position the company’s products in terms of competitive and structural advantage.
Monitor clients’ product preferences and assess their investment mandates.
Liaise with different departments (business support, client services, investment group, middle office,
legal) on different projects, Due Diligence Questionnaires, proposals ….

Shuaa Capital – Asset Management Division
Assistant Vice President – Institutional Sales, Asia, GCC & Japan

UAE

Achievements:
 Built strong relationships with major financial institutions in the Far East (particularly in Japan) and in
the GCC region (particularly in the UAE)
 Successfully raised funds from local, regional and Japanese institutions for existing funds and
discretionary mandates.
 Initiated and closed several investment management mandates.
 Managed, maintained and expanded business relationships with existing clients.
 Prepared and executed a sales strategy for the assigned territory.
 Monitor and assess regional and global competitors’ products and performance in order to strategically
position the company’s products.
 Monitor clients’ product preferences and assess their investment mandates.
Job responsibilities:
 Research, Prospect and Establish contact with major Far Eastern (mainly Japanese) institutions
including Asset / Investment Management companies, Wealth Management companies, Financial
advisers, Private Banking, Life Insurance companies, Corporate Pension Funds, Securities companies,
in addition to Arab / Regional institutions and HNWI.
 Retain existing assets, and Increase new assets under management.
 Manage, Maintain and Expand business relationships with existing clients.
 Prepare and Execute a sales plan for the assigned territory.
 Monitor and Assess Regional as well as Global competitors’ product structures & performance in order
to strategically position the company’s products in terms of competitive and structural advantage.
 Monitor clients’ product preferences and assess their investment mandates.
 Liaise with different departments (business support, client services, investment group, middle office,
legal) on different projects, Due Diligence Questionnaires, proposals ….
 Other:
 Attended several training seminars on Presentation, Sales and Communication skills.
 Candidate for the Securities & Investment Institute’s International Certificate in Financial Advice.

2004 – 2007

Sumisatt International FZCO - A subsidiary of Sumitomo Corporation
Manager - Reporting to the Managing Director

UAE

Job responsibilities / achievements:
 Managing the business operations, administration and personnel.
 Placing orders with suppliers based on analysis of market demand forecasts, penetration, competition,
as well as short and medium term political and economic stability of each target market respectively,
and stock analysis.
 Negotiating with both clients and suppliers with respect to orders, prices, deliveries and other, in order
to maintain a balanced and healthy relationship among parties concerned.
 Handling the logistics aspect of all transactions.
 Dealing with shipping and forwarding companies, as well as with Port and Customs Authority.
 Negotiating rates for handling, transportation and shipping.
 Supervising all bank related matters (L/Cs, L/Gs, transfers, payments, discounts) to maintain a healthy
cash flow, taking into account a well determined and acceptable risk exposure per

2

Sani Tsuruta CV

customer/bank/country.
Issuing invoices and shipping documents (with my signature being acknowledged at the Jebel Ali
Chamber of Commerce, the Jebel Ali Free Zone Authority, as well as the Dubai Customs Authority.)
 Issue monthly liquidity and cash flow reports, among other operations reports.
 Negotiating with banks better discount rates, confirmation charges, and bank charges.
 Maintaining a positive environment in the office, and externally with our business counterparts.
* May 2005: Under Sumitomo Corporation’s Management Development Program, completed an Educasia
(Cardean University) On-line course in “Strategic Management: Competitive Advantage and Strategic
Positioning”
* July 2005: Under Sumitomo Corporation’s Management Development Program, attended a 3 week
intensive training program in Japan in the following:
- Personnel Management
- Leadership Development & Team Management
- Business Development
- Business Strategy Planning
- Credit Control & Management
- Risk Management
- International Marketing
* November 2006: Attended a training seminar in Dubai (Sumitomo Corporation, Dubai Liaison Office) in
Credit Control & Management, and in Risk Management.


2001 - 2004

1993-2001

1990-1993

Generations Group Ltd.
Lebanon
Business Development Manager
 Generations Group was at the time a newly established General Trading company.
 I was in charge of identifying market niches and demand in the Far East for any product Generations
Group could export from Lebanon and/or surrounding countries (Syria, Jordan, and Egypt).
 Established contact with various companies who were interested in specific products such as, Olives,
olive oil, olive oil soaps, honey, dead sea products (skin care), as well as other products especially
organic.
 Established Generations Group Japan as a liaison office.
 The main task of this company was to facilitate and complement the marketing and sales operation of
its Lebanese Counter-part and to ensure smooth contact and follow up with our business partners in
Japan.
Sumitomo Corporation
Lebanon
Assistant Manager
With Lebanon newly emerging from the war, Sumitomo Corporation saw many business opportunities
in this country, and its business involvement was perceived on many levels.
Personally I was involved in all aspects of managing the office (administration, management,
personnel,…), and was in charge of running the business department which included:
 Regular commercial trading and marketing of various products, systems, and commodities. (Trucks &
Motor Vehicles, Telecommunication, Broadcast, Steel, Tires, Foodstuff, and many other)
 Government projects such as water supply, waste water treatment, telecommunications (various), solid
waste, and other.
 Public / private tenders in various categories such as motor vehicles, telecommunications, broadcast,
construction, steel,..
 Forming of international and local consortiums for specific projects.
 Arranging of financing from Japanese governmental and non-governmental financial institutions.
 Initiate, plan, and execute Japanese Government Grant Projects under the Japanese Foreign Ministry’s
guidelines and while coordinating with the Lebanese corresponding Authorities. (Ministry of Culture,
Ministry of Education, Department of Archeology,…)
 Coordinate with different Ministries, the Japanese Embassy in Lebanon, and Japanese Economic &
Business Development Agencies (JICA, JETRO)
 Attended several management training courses as well as sales and marketing courses in Japan,
Singapore, Egypt, Bahrain, Lebanon,…
Arab Telecommunications SAL
Lebanon
Sales and Marketing Manager
Arab Telecommunications is local representative for various Japanese telecom and electronics brands
such as Japan Radio Co., Kokusai Electric Co., and other.
In addition to our local commercial business, I was in charge of:
 Holding negotiations with our suppliers.
 Keeping them up-to-date with our marketing and sales activities and strategies vis-à-vis the local
market and our/their competitors’ activities.

3

Sani Tsuruta CV




Coordinating sales policies and marketing strategies with our suppliers and partners, especially in times
of launching new products.
Attended training courses on specific products in Lebanon and in Japan.

Education
1992-1993

1991-1992
1986-1990

Lebanese American University
Lebanon
Completed most MBA courses (except for 2 courses). The reason for not completing the MBA was
taking up the job with Sumitomo Corporation which entailed full time concentration and constant
traveling.
Lebanese American University
Lebanon
Completed all Business pre-requisite courses for the MBA. These include all Major courses for BS
Management.
Lebanese American University
Lebanon
BS Political Science & International Affairs

Languages
Arabic
English
French
Japanese

Fluent
Fluent
Very Good
Speak only

Personal Information
Nationality
Date of birth
Marital Status
Children
Mobile
E-mail

Japanese
th
August 10 , 1966
Married
3
+971 50 887 4007
mrsani@eim.ae

4

