NORASHRA OMAR
Mobile no:011-12783380
ACCA membership no: 0961090
MIA membership no: 29257
Email: scha.808@gmail.com

Objective
Analytical, result minded and technical oriented professional with highly calibre to be part of dynamic and
progressive organization to gain experience and to maximize my capabilities towards the success of
organization I’am committed to.

Academic Data
2003-2004 – Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, UK (ACCA)


Related Courses: Financial Reporting (Paper 2.5), Audit and Assurance Services (Paper 3.1),
Business Information Management (Paper 3.4), Strategic Business Planning and Development
(Paper 3.5), Advance Corporate Reporting (Paper 3.6), Strategic Financial Management (Paper
3.7).



Completed on December 2004.

2001-2003 – Bachelor of Accountancy (Hons), Second Class (Upper)
Mara University of Technology (UiTM) Shah Alam Campus


CGPA: 3.07

1998-2001 – Diploma in Accountancy,
Mara University of Technology (UiTM) Pahang Campus

1997


CGPA: 3.43
– Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM),
Convent Peel Road Secondary School, Kuala Lumpur
Grade One, 14 Aggregate

Work Experience
1.

Company Name: Pos Logistics Berhad ( fka Konsortium Logistik Berhad)
Designation: Vice President, Finance
From: Aug 2016 To: May 2017
Agreed responsibilities:1.

MANAGEMENT REPORTING
Responsible for monthly and quarterly consolidation of PLB Group of Companies and timely
submission to Pos Malaysia Berhad and review monthly variance analysis prepared by Accountant
of the respective Business Unit.

2.

TREASURY FUNCTION
Responsible to execute day to day treasury transactions such as fund transfer, surplus funds
investment and loan, interest settlement via daily cash flow reports. To ensure compliance with
loan covenants post drawdown and with relevant legislation and/or adherence to internal treasury
policies and financial authority limits.

2.

3.

ACCOUNT RECEIVABLES AND PAYABLES FUNCTION
To ensure Credit Collection held in weekly basis for the respective business unit and any disputes
are resolved before the next meeting and assessment for impairment for every quarterly are
performed. Timely payment for any outstanding to vendor based on the overdue Statement of
Accounts.

4.

CORPORATE TAXATION AND GST COMPLIANCE
To ensure timely preparation and submission for CP204 to IRB and GST-03 to RMCD and DRBHICOM. Review and ensure compliance for monthly GST submission and quarterly preparation of
Corporate taxation. Assist in preparation of Transfer Pricing documentation required by EY.

5.

FINANCIAL EVALUATION AND ADVISORY
Involved in adhoc task i.e preparation of BOD paper and business case for TNBF vessel financing
coal affreightment services which liase with the Banker to obtain the Term Sheet quotation and to
assess the ROI /IRR/ NPV for the project financing. Besides that, act as focal person for
liquidation of five dormant companies for cost saving initiative purposes.

Company Name: VADS Berhad
Designation: Finance Manager, Business Plan, Budget Management & Compliance
From: May 2013 To: July 2016
Agreed responsibilities:1.

Responsible to formulate and translate VADS Business Plan and budgeting policies, procedures
and guidelines appropriate for the various business units and VADS as a whole.

2.

To support business unit planning and budget needs by providing BP models/templates in
accordance with the policies, procedures and guidelines.

3.

To coordinate the full and complete BP submissions for VADS in line with the overall BP
requirements and the timely distribution of approved budget to business unit in VADS.

4.

To coordinate business unit and VADS Group on the forecast of financial and business
performance for the development of BP reviews and the monthly Forecast submission to Group
Finance TM.

5.

To track VADS business unit performance and assist in driving towards revenue target and cost
efficiency.

6.

To analyse and manage VADS Group and business unit operating budget and virement request.

7.

To manage Capex budget including request, virement and approval.

8.

Identification and monitoring of the VADS (Business Finance) related risks. To provide
consultancy and advise on critical risk issues.

9.

To address outstanding audit issues via liaisons with responsible parties within VADS team,
internal auditors, external auditors and ABAC Secretariats. To update the management on critical
audit issues where relevant.

10. Focal person for Forecast and Business Plan submission to TM in Anaplan Consolidation System.

3.

Company Name: Scomi Energy Services Bhd ( fka Scomi Marine Bhd)
Designation: Finance Manager
From: May 2012 To: April 2013
Agreed responsibilities:1.

Provide financial information to meet internal and external requirement which comprises of: review and preparation of monthly management account of the Company and
consolidated financial statements of its Group of companies;
 review and prepare monthly slide presentation of the Group financial performance for
Board of Directors and Exco meeting;
 review and prepare quarterly result and notes for the Group quarterly announcement in
compliance with Bursa Malaysia Listing Requirements;
 Taxation submission, annual report and monthly accounts;

2. Manage the day to day finance and accounting functions.
3. Review and prepare the Company and Group budgets including preparation of the board papers
and slide presentation related to the budget exercise.
4. Manage company's financial accounting, monitoring and reporting systems.
5. Develop external relationships with appropriate contacts e.g. auditors, solicitors, bankers and
statutory organizations such as the Inland Revenue, Bank Negara.

4.

Company Name: MISC Integrated Logistics Sdn Bhd
Designation: Finance Manager
From: Nov 2010 To: Aug 2011
Agreed responsibilities:1.

MANAGEMENT REPORTING
Ensure timely, accurate and comprehensive consolidation financial report (monthly, quarterly and
yearly) for submission to Head of Department and MISC Bhd for review and decision making, e.g.
Monthly and Quarterly Performance Report (highlight on variance / shortfall against budget) and
provide financial input update to CPD.

2.

BUDGETARY PLANNING AND CONTROL
Responsible for the preparation of annual budget, forecast and planning by liaising with the
business development, marketing and operation departments to arrive at the budget key
performance indicators and plan and strategies and initiatives to be incorporate into budget
forecast and planning preparation. Undertake the budgetary control processes by reviewing and
analyzing the actual performance against the budgeted or planned performance and advising the
Management on factors that lead to significant variances.

3.

FINANCIAL EVALUATION AND ADVISORY
Facilitate the provision of sound and timely financial evaluation and analysis for management
decision making by using the standard and recommended financial evaluation and analysis tools
such as NPV, DCF, payback period, target pricing, activity based costing and product costing.
Incorporate complete, correct and relevant information in the evaluation and advisory, so as to
ensure that management undertake and/or plan correct and sound strategies, objectives and
decisions.

4.

CONSOLIDATION OF MANAGEMENT REPORTING AND BUDGET
Ensure consolidation of reporting for the Company for monthly, quarterly and yearly for
management and board of directors as well as coordinate and responsible for preparation of
yearly budget consolidation.

5.

ESTABLISH PROCEDURES & SET DEADLINE
Establish procedures and set monthly deadline for management reporting in line with MISC Group
deadline to all related departments and branches, thus to ensure timely and accurate reporting.

5.

6.

STAFF DEVELOPMENT
Manage the performance and development of staff within the section/department. Set and
communicate clearly performance expectations and review progress against development plans
and provide coaching/guidance. Identify, coach and develop subordinate to evaluate their
capabilities and competencies levels to become qualified leaders in line with triple plus in the
Corporate Agenda.

7.

ADHOC TASK – COST SAVING INITIATIVES ON FUEL CONSUMPTION
I was the PMO of the said project with the objective to reduce the fuel consumption and to
improve the efficiency km/litre for each prime mover. The purpose of the project are to
determine and prioritize the root cause for inefficiency of fuel consumption and to find the
solutions, measurement method and target for each root cause. This project involved four
regions and two pilot project was held at Central Region and Eastern Region.

Company Name: Sime Darby Berhad
Designation: Group Accountant (Senior Executive)
From: May 2008 To: Oct 2010
Agreed responsibilities:1.

Prepare consolidated MFRs for Group Head Office and Group.

2.

Review divisional MFRs and Monthly Operations Reports and prepare Q-Schedules for quarterly
reporting.

3.

Reconcile the MFRs balances to the Group Financial Accounts.

4.

Prepare and review of Group Financial Accounts consolidated worksheets/schedules.

5.

Maintain the FRS Technical Helpdesk.

6.

Prepare financial analysis for analyst & press at quarterly announcements.

7.

Assist the Senior Accountant in preparation of Group Management Plan.

8.

Assist the Senior Accountant and Head - Management Accounts in accessing the financial impact,
fair valuation (including options) on acquisition, liquidation, disposal or divestment of
subsidiaries/associates.

9.

Assist the Senior Accountant and Head – Management Accounts in maintaining the SAP Chart of
Accounts.

10. Responsible for monitoring and circulation of monthly Foreign Exchange Rates to the respective
division.
11. Supervise and provides training to subordinates and prepare any ad hoc report.

6.

Company Name: Felda Palm Industries Sdn Bhd
Designation: Accountant
From: Oct 2006 To: May 2008
Agreed responsibilities:1.

Prepare monthly financial statements, management report and submission of monthly Consol
Reporting Package to Felda Holdings Berhad.

2.

Assist in the coordination, compilation and submission of the annual budget prepared by each
department.

3.

Supervise and ensure proper internal control procedures are complied by finance department.

4.

Assesment impairment review for loss making mills as at year end as to comply with FRS136.

5.

Prepare the provisional tax and deferred taxation computation.

6.

Involve in Felda Holding Berhad (“FHB”) Corporate Restructuring for the divestment of shares in
subsidiary of Felda Palm Industries Sdn Bhd to FHB which in line with FHB Corporate
Restructuring Scheme. In addition, ensure all the documents pertaining to FHB Corporate
Restructuring Scheme completed/compliance for SC submission.

7.

Involve in setting up and implementation of online payment of treasury system (M2E) that
includes identify, advise, and recommend options on any potential problems.

8.

Attend site visit to the mills to identify weaknesses and provide recommendation and option to
mitigate the problem.

9.

Monitoring Account Receivables, Account Payables, Fixed Assets register and bank reconciliation.

10. To ensure agreed inter companies transactions within the Felda Group of Companies.
11. Liase with auditor, tax agent and lawyers for statutory matters relating to year end audit.

7.

Company Name: KPMG, Chartered Accountants (AF0758)
Designation: Auditor
From: Oct 2004 To: Oct 2006
Agreed responsibilities:-

1.

Planned numbers of active and smaller companies for Pos Malaysia & Services Holdings Berhad and its
subsidiaries, Linde Industrial Gases Sdn Bhd, MTBE Malaysia Sdn Bhd, PKNS Engineering and
Construction Berhad and Johnson Suisse Malaysia Sdn Bhd. Obtained background information,
prepared planning and review checklist, documented the client’s accounting systems and internal
controls, assessed environmental and control risk, considered the audit approach and tailored the
audit program, accordingly. Additionally, involved audit on the critical sections such as review of trade
receivables, inventories and taxation.

2.

Assist senior in review the consolidation of Pos Malaysia & Services Holdings Berhad.

3.

Involve in the special audit i.e assist senior in reviewed the Statement of Internal Control (SIC)
prepared by Internal Audit Department of Pos Malaysia & Services Holdings Berhad to ascertain the
factual accuracy of the SIC pertinent to Statement of Corporate Governance.

4.

Identification of the significant issues and assess the risk of significant misstatement for Pos Group,
PKNS Engineering and Construction Berhad, Linde Industrial Gases Sdn Bhd, MTBE Malaysia Sdn Bhd.

5.

Assists senior in preparing the audit committe slides for Pos Group as to hilighted the audit findings
during the period under review.

6.

Attended numbers of stocktake such as MTBE Malaysia Sdn Bhd, Polypropylene Malaysia Sdn Bhd,
Johnson Suisse Malaysia Sdn Bhd, Linda Gas Malaysia Sdn Bhd and CCM Chemicals Sdn Bhd and
prepared reports for the findings on the stocktake activities.

7.

Identification of potential management letter (ML) points and hilighted to management attention as
points of improvement and as value added service for clients.

8.

Performed statutory audits i.e update clients statutory books to reflect changes. Ensured statutory
returns were filed promptly.

9.

As a team member, i gave a full support and cooperative to the team as to expedite and completion
the audit within the required time frame.

Interpersonal and Strength






Adaptable to new environment and posses sociability skills.
Possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Able to deal with people from various
organizations and backgrounds locally, regionally and globally.
Independent and reliable.
Enthusiastic, diligent and hard working.
Dynamic team player and posses good collaborative skills.

Course related Activities
Occasion

Description

May 17
April 17
Mac 17
July 15
Sept 14
Aug 14
March 14
Sept 12

Nov 2008

GST Briefing – Refresher and Audit Updates
Transformasi & Pemantapan Budaya Insan Berkualiti
Briefing on New Companies Act 2016 and Accounting Standards Updates
Certified Anaplanner – Fundamentals Course
VADS Merdeka Race
SAP GEMS EAM PS 01 Standard Investment Mgt (IM) PS Capex Project
Building Financial Models for Decision Making (Part 1)
Attended in the Consolidation in Practice – Accounting for Business Combinations
& Changes in Ownership Interests under Revised MFRS 3 and MFRSs 10-12.
Attended in Presentation of Financial Statements and Disclosure requirements of
IFRS/MFRS.
Attended in High Impact Presentation course.
Involved in MILS Mini CSR and was nominated as a Committee member.
Attended in Cost Reduction and Profit Improvement Strategies.
Attended in the Updates of FRS 2010/11 New & Revised FRSs, Amendments, IC
Interpretations and New Bursa Listing Requirements.
Attended the National Accountants Conference (NAC) 2008.

June 2008

Participated in several courses conducted by PWC on the FRS matters i.e

April 12
July 11
June 11
May 11
Jan 11

- Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements
- Deferred Taxation
Nov 2007

Attended the National Accountants Conference (NAC) 2007.

Sept 2007

(i)
(ii)

Attended the course on Fundamental & Advance Principles of Deferred
Taxation.
Attended the ACCA Member2Member talk on Managing Transitions from
Finance Manager to CFO to CEO.

Aug 2007

Intensive Workshop -“Executive Development Programme”.

Aug 2005

Negotiation Skills.

Aug 2003

Participated in Public Speaking organized by Association of Professional
Accounting Students UiTM.

Aug 2002

Attended the MAICSA-UiTM student conference on “WTO-Its Impact on the
Corporate Professionals”.

1996-1997

Treasurer of Quarter Master Club.

Languages



Malay – very proficient in speaking and writing.
English – very proficient in speaking and writing.

Hobbies & Interests


An avid reader, interested in reading various topics including fictions, politics, economics, and
technology.

Additional Information
●
●
●
●
●

Date of Birth
Age
Sex
Marital Status
Current Salary
Expected Salary

:
:
:
:
:
:

2 October 1980
37
Female
Single
RM9,500
RM11,000 (

References
1.

Eliza Abdul Rahman
Financial Controller
Webe Digital Sdn Bhd (fka Packet One Networks - P1)
013-3424481

2.

Zarof Abu Bakar
Group Financial Controller
Scomi Group Bhd
Level 19, 1 First Avenue,
Bandar Utama, Petaling Jaya,
Selangor Darul Ehsan
019-3214555

3.

Zulkeeflee Md Karim
Vice President II
Group Accounts & Treasury
Sime Darby Berhad
Wisma Sime Darby
Jalan Raja Laut
Kuala Lumpur
019-2257150

4.

Haslinda Abdul Rahim
Finance Manager
Felda Delima Oil Products Sdn Bhd Balai Felda, Jalan Gurney
Kuala Lumpur
019-3323234

