JAMES J GRAHAM
West Hollywood, CA
jgraham@mba2017.hbs.edu
+1 (617) 301-0614
education
Aug 2015 –
May 2017

May 2008 –
Dec 2012

experience
Summer / Fall
2017

HARVARD BUSINESS SCHOOL
Master in Business Administration (MBA), Distinction (Top 5-15%)
Member of the Private Equity, Real Estate, Restructuring, Wine & Cuisine and Rugby Clubs.

BOSTON, MA

BOND UNIVERSITY
QUEENSLAND, AUSTRALIA
Bachelor of Laws (LLB), Summa Cum Laude. University Law Medal, all-round and academic performance.
Bachelor of Commerce (BCom), Summa Cum Laude, in economics and finance. Class Valedictorian.
Goldsworthy Prize, undergraduate business student graduating with the highest GPA.
President, Student Association – managed a voluntary, elected 18-person committee constituting the overarching
student representative organization with an annual budget of $1.0m.

LOS ANGELES, CA
HEALTHY SPOT (MONOGRAM CAPITAL PORTFOLIO COMPANY)
Special Projects Director
High-growth, multi-unit pet retail and service business. Consulting directly with the CEO on key strategic initiatives
as the company looks to improve and refine its existing operations, and also explore expanding into new markets.
• Implementing a technology-enabled solution to improving customer acquisition, loyalty and retention
• Creating an actionable strategic plan for market expansion into the Bay Area
• Improving FP&A reporting, strategy setting and organizational development planning

Summer 2016

WASHINGTON, DC
&PIZZA (AVALT PORTFOLIO COMPANY)
Finance & Development Manager
High-growth, multi-unit fast casual restaurant brand. Worked directly for the CEO and CFO, given significant scope
and autonomy to manage and direct key strategic initiatives as the company looks to expand into new markets along
the Mid-Atlantic and North East.
• Managed internal due diligence efforts for a Series B capital raising that completed late-Summer 2016
• Implemented analytical systems to identify opportunities to improve store-level operational performance (KPIs)
• Internally managed new store build out and real estate development projects

Jan 2013 –
Jul 2015;
Summer 2012

GOLDMAN SACHS
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA
Analyst, Investment Banking Division
Analyst supporting M&A transactions, capital markets financings, fairness opinions and strategic reviews for clients
across the industrials, energy and infrastructure industries. Responsible for constructing detailed financial models,
analyzing operational performance, creating valuation scenarios, creating management presentations, coordinating
due diligence and managing sale-purchase documents. Selected transactions include:
• Alinta Energy Term Loan ($1.4bn). Detailed financial analysis to support the successful underwriting,
syndication and hedging of a US Term Loan recapitalization for a TPG-owned Australian integrated energy
business
• New South Wales Government Privatization ($3.0bn). Extended engagement acting as sole sale advisor to the
Government on the staggered sale of a portfolio of six separate power generation facilities
Analyst supporting the Capital Markets Group to structure, model and execute financing transactions for private
equity and corporate clients. Responsibilities included modelling of bespoke financing transactions to match specific
M&A and financing activities, managing concurrent execution processes and negotiating security and legal
documentation.
• Staple acquisition financing for Blackstone’s first-in-market acquisition ($400m)
• Sole advisor to M2 Group for the M&A and financing on their public markets acquisition of CallPlus ($250m)

community



•
•
personal

Coordinator, HBS Movember Campaign 2015 – raised over $23,000 for the Movember foundation
Mentor, Canterbury Boys High School – provided ongoing leadership development for grade 10 students
Leader, Kununurra Youth Program – developed and ran a two-week program in a rural indigenous community

Member of the Mont Pelerin Society since 2012. Enjoy rugby, squash, golf and running.
Culinary enthusiast and avid cook. Serial Movember participant.

