ESTHER TAN SIEW PENG
M: 9388 4100 | E: esthertsp@gmail.com | Singapore 520402
https://sg.linkedin.com/in/esthertsp

STRATEGIC PLANNING AND FEASIBILITY STUDIES
Meticulous and result-driven Senior Executive who undertakes complex assignments, meet tight deadlines and
delivers superior performance. Having over 5 years of progressive experience across a broad range of strategic
functions, I have cultivated to be well-versed in conducting feasibility studies and manage cost efficiency ranging
from hospitality to commercial asset class. Operates with a strong sense of urgency and thrives in highly pressurised
and challenges faced. Area of expertise includes:
Strategic Planning ● Financial Analysis ● Scenario-Based Modelling ● Feasibility Studies ● Project Management
Budget Forecasting ● Business Development ● Proposal Writing ● Contract Negotiation ● Property Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
CAPITALAND LIMITED ● Singapore ● Aug 2014 – Present
One of Asia’s largest real estate companies headquartered and listed in Singapore. The group managed real estate
assets valued more than SGD76 Billion as at 30 Sep 2016.
Senior Executive
Commit to cost efficiency through execution of regional strategic sourcing initiatives and streamline the protocol
within the group and Strategic Business Units (SBUs). Liaise with SBUs and promulgate Total Cost of Ownership
(TCO) practices in the implementation of group global contracts in various projects and operations. Manage vendor
on-boarding into the group global vendor database with comprehensive financial checks conducted. Implement group
global contracts through regular benchmarking, periodical review and supplier performance evaluation.
•

Annual savings range from 10% to 60% through strategic sourcing initiatives; contracts such as Professional
Indemnity Insurance, Electricity Supply and Corporate Travel Management are attained for the group wide.

•

Reorganized and streamlined group global contracts portal using SharePoint with remote settings of
permission grant access.

•

Improved spending reports to enhance clarity of expenses and increase cost efficiency within the group and
SBUs.

Reason for leaving: Sourcing for career progression.

CBM PTE LTD ● Singapore ● Apr 2009 – Jul 2014
Subsidiary of parent company, City Developments Limited (CDL). Leading integrated facility management firm
focusing on property management, engineering, security, environmental and green solutions.
Senior Project Executive
Full-time Project Executive developing and strategizing the growth and development of the company. Liaise with
external vendors/partners/clients for business development opportunities ranging from commercial to hospitality class
of property. Propose feasibility studies and recommendation report to the management before bidding in tender
exercises. Prepare business proposal with a comprehensive methodology approach and effective cost management to

Page | 1

furnish the company, client and end-user. Implement awarded contract with appointed Project Manager during the
mobilisation period. Perform financial analysis and checks for allocated projects. Conduct market research for
company positioning from time to time.
•

Bulk contract negotiation with existing and potential clients in property management, mostly secured on a
year to year basis due to the increasing demand of labour force.

•

Ventured into Starwood Hotels & Resorts successful contracts from The Westin Singapore, W Singapore
Sentosa Cove and St. Regis Singapore.

•

Attained and implement housekeeping management contract for Singapore Youth Olympic Game (SYOG) in
year 2010, with over 300 staff deployed and approximate SGD1 Million net profit.

Reason for leaving: Looking for new work challenges.

LIFEBRANDZ LIMITED ● Singapore ● Dec 2006 – Jul 2008
Listed in Singapore, a brand development and management Group with interests in lifestyle-related and
entertainments.
Customer Liaison
Part-time role hired to partake in the new setup of department before The Cannery is officially launched in the
market. Handle reservations and events enquiries of the various themed-outlets within The Cannery. Liaise with
operation and marketing teams closely to ensure smooth transition.

Reason for leaving: To focus on final year projects during tertiary education.

EDUCATION
Kaplan - Bachelor of Commerce with Double Major in Banking & Finance (2013)
From Murdoch University, Australia, Perth

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite ● Advanced Excel ● PowerPoint ● Word ● Outlook ● Visio ● Project
SAP ● HTML ● MYSQL

Page | 2

