YANG SHUET JING
Blk 666 Yishun Ave 4, Singapore 760666
Email: Shuet.jing@gmail.com, Mobile: +65 9669 0636
Proactive and flexible self-starter combined with strong academic competence and strong
performance in work experiences. Possess an outgoing personality with wide international
exposure.
EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS
2012 - 2015

The University of Manchester
BSc (Hons) Management (Accounting and Finance)
Obtained result: 2nd Class (Upper)

Modules included: Advanced Corporate Finance, Decision Analysis for Business and
Management, Financial Derivatives, Financial Engineering and Industrial Organization and
Business Strategy.
Dissertation: Shareholder wealth effects on merger and acquisition: A clinical research on the
short-term and long-term performance of United Online acquiring FTD Group.
2009 - 2012

Singapore Polytechnic
Diploma in Business Administration (Marketing)

2005 - 2008

Orchid Park Secondary School
GSCEs (3A’s, 3B’s) including Mathematics and English

WORK EXPERIENCE
Dec 2015 Present
•

•

•
•

Citi Private bank, Client Reporting Group, Performance Analyst
Contract staff

Evaluated and analyzed the data of Private Equity Real Estate (PERE) funds for Internal
Rate of return calculation. Discrepancies between HiP (Anova) and Fund House will be
raised and rectify based on corporate action notices and quarterly reports to improve on the
accuracy of Client Reporting Statements.
Developed an excel sheet on the breakdown of the outside commitment amounts for PERE
funds which will be required to understand on the discrepancies of the reported figures and
quarterly reports that would be useful for future reference.
Reviewed and analyzed performance returns of client’s portfolio by extracting the required
financial data from the system to calculate the information manually for client reporting.
Evaluate On-Demand Relationship Report (ODRR) and manually recalculate the financial
figures to ensure that what has been presented reconcile with In-view reports.

Jun – Aug
2013

Agency for Science Technology and Research (A*Star)
Policy Planning Department, Temporary administrative staff

• Helped to facilitate the completion of National survey of Research and Development in
Singapore by collecting data from companies that provide useful indication on the scale and
direction of Research and Development in Singapore.
• Findings are keyed into the statistical software whereby the results are furthered analyzed and
presented to the major directors under A*Star.

	  
	  

1	  

Jan – Sept
2012
•

I Can Read Enrichment Centre
Administrative staff
Handled administrative duties such as answering telephones, assisting visitors and
resolving a range of administrative problems and enquiries.
Organizing files and updating data in the computer system in order to monitor the
student’s progress.

•
Mar – Apr
2011

Sin Hwa Dee
Internship in Public Relations Department

•
•
•
•
•

Conducted marketing research on the targeted audience.
Proposed suggestions to improve on the overall concept of the restaurant.
Communicated with customers to get in-depth information in order to improve the
restaurant.
Assisted the production executive in planning the restaurant schedule.
Developed vouchers to promote the products and to bring in more customers.

Positions of Responsibility
2015 – 2016
•
2012 – 2014
•
2009 – 2011

•
•

Volunteer at Khoo Teck Puat Hospital, Dementia Care Unit
Socialized with the elderly patients in the wards, befriend and engage them in
activities.
ReachOut Student Mentor, United Kingdom, Manchester
Coached students who are in the disadvantaged communities to raise aspirations
and help them grow in character and competence.
Singapore Polytechnic Community Service and Cultural Club
Sub-committee Member
Facilitated Amazing Race Event, Hiking Event, Annual Dinner and Freshmen
Orientation Camp.
Developed leadership, teambuilding and outdoor skills as well as endurance,
adaptability and physical strength

PAST ACHIEVEMENTS
2012

AirAsia Marketing Plan Competition
2nd Runners-up for marketing plans to promote AirAsia

2012

NETS FlashPay Final Year Project
Presented marketing strategies to promote NETS FlashPay Ez-Link

ADDITIONAL SKILLS:
IT
Driving
Languages

Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office packages
Full clean international driving licence
Proficient in spoken and written English, Mandarin

REFERENCES
Available upon request

	  
	  

2	  

