KATIE TAY SHI YING, ACCA
Curriculum Vitae
PERSONAL PARTICULARS
Date of Birth
16 January 1985
Gender
Female
Address
460B Geylang Road, Singapore 389419
Contact
+65-9113 5566 (Mobile); 68448501 (Home)
Email
Icying_85@hotmail.com
WORKING EXPERIENCE
Lendlease Investment Management Pte Ltd
Nov 2015 to Current
Fund Accountant - Real Estate Development and Investment
Asian Retail Investment Fund (Core Fund)
- An open-ended Bermuda fund that invests in real estate properties in Singapore and
Malaysia. This fund holds 3 assets and as at Dec’15, AUM size is S$2.4bil.
Job Description:
 Work closely with internal property accountant (located at centre), and external
bookkeepers from Mauritius and Bermuda to finalise monthly/quarterly accounts, so
as to prepare quarterly consolidation accounts up to Bermuda fund level, in excel and
update in YARDI system. Role also includes processing payments for SPV/fund
entities and doing cost recharge to other funds.
 Monitor cash position of the fund and ensure that financial covenants stated in the
debt facility agreements are being met, place and uplift term deposits with the bank,
and prepare fund flow from SPV entity to fund level for dividends/operating
expenses.
 Liaise with internal treasury team to ensure that they arrange quarterly interest
payments to the bank on time.
 Prepare all required submissions to the bank, as stated in the facility agreements, on
a timely basis and work with asset manager/ fund manager to answer any queries
from the lenders.
 Prepare extensive reports for quarterly investor reportings and half yearly internal
lendlease reporting.
 Liaise with corporate secretaries for all corporate secretarial matters ie. change in
bank signatories, dividend distribution etc.
 Liaise with tax agents to handle queries and to ensure tax is properly computed and
filed on time.
 Handle audit queries and to prepare working papers to update financial statements.
 Ad-hoc: Work with Yardi support team to ensure data are correctly mapped from old
system.

Page 1 of 3

KATIE TAY SHI YING, ACCA
Curriculum Vitae

JPMorgan Asset Management Real Assets (Singapore) Pte Ltd
Jan 2011 – Oct 2015 (58mths)
(Acquired from Aviva Investors Asia Pte Ltd)
Fund Accountant – Real Estate Investment
Asia Pacific Property Fund (Core Fund)
– An open-ended UK fund that invests in real estate properties in Australia, New
Zealand and Japan.
– The fund holds 8 investment assets with at least 10 SPVs. The fund level financial
statements are reported in accordance with UK GAAP whereas the SPV level
financial statements are reported in accordance with IFRS.
Job Description:
 Work closely with the international bookkeeping service providers to ensure financial
reports at property level and at SPV level, are accurate and prepared in accordance
with IFRS so as to facilitate fund consolidation and reporting in UK. This will include
bottom up work, from providing supporting documents (invoices, engagement
letters, legal documents, tax returns etc) to the service providers, updating them on
any management decision/strategy change that has impact on the accounts, advising
them on tax exposure etc, to reviewing the final financial reports.
 Coordinate and oversee the service providers to ensure that they are able to work
with each other. Ie. Property accountants are able to submit timely reports to SPV
accountants, who in turn are able to communicate with property accountants to sort
out any queries.
 Liase with corporate secretary (service provider) on all corporate secretarial matters.
Ie. Seeking their advice and going through the legal procedures/paperwork.
 Involve in regular meetings to provide/receive updates on any changes in fund
strategy, asset management and finance matters.
 Attend to audit queries, tax queries and all other service providers where necessary.
 Assist in due diligence process for acquisition and disposal projects. ie. Providing
support to the team by helping the solicitors on finance matters to finalise on
settlement issues between the buyer and seller.
 Process internal payments such as inter-company loan interests, dividend distribution
etc.
 Ad-hoc: Assist in monitoring new fund setup costs, attend to any KYC/
compliance/audit checks required by depositary bank, attend to internal compliance
queries, involved in tender for appointment of service providers.
Contribution: Being an excellent team player in a small team, by providing support in several
ad-hoc tasks/projects.

Page 2 of 3

KATIE TAY SHI YING, ACCA
Curriculum Vitae

SKILLS
Language: Fluent in English and Mandarin
Computer software: Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office and YARDI.
QUALIFICATION
July 2005 – Jun 2013

Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)
- Become member of ACCA in August 2013

Jul 2002 – Jul 2005

Diploma in Accountancy
Ngee Ann Polytechnic
Industrial Practical Training (IPT) - Internship
Company: Singapore Post Limited (Internal Audit Division)
Period of Attachment: 6 months
Grade for IPT: A

INTERESTS
Reading, baking, cooking, singing, movies, yoga, zumba dance and free-and-easy travelling.

Page 3 of 3

