CHEE SHU WEN, RAYVEN
Date of Birth
Email
Contact number (H/P)
Address
LinkedIn

1st February 1989
rayvenchee@gmail.com
+6581584196
82, Corporation Road, #04-03 Lakeholmz 649820
https://sg.linkedin.com/in/rayven-chee-10976030

FINANCE EXECUTIVE / ACCOUNTANT
Meticulous finance executive / accountant, who undertake complex assignments, meet tight
deadlines and delivers superior performance. Highly organized and self-driven individual, insists
on absolute accountability and ownership with minimal supervision. Detail oriented and ability to
work under pressure to deliver timely and accurate results. Operates with a strong sense of
urgency and thrives in a fast-paced setting. Fluent in English, Mandarin and Malay. Core
competencies include:
Financial reporting, financial statements, management reporting, financial analysis, Internal
Controls, business process review, SAP System, data analysis

Professional Experiences
2016-2016
Columbia Real Estate Pte Ltd
Investment Accountant (2016)

Singapore

Handle full set of accounts and prepares financial management reporting for several entities within
the Group. Liaise with external audit and tax matters along with analysis of business sales trends
for the company.
•
•
•
•

Prepare monthly financial management reporting and responsible for cash flows for 3
companies within the Columbia group to ensure the completeness and accuracy of the
management accounting records.
Managed bank statement and bank reconciliation for 11 properties and other reports within
the timelines.
Responsible for Account Payables, Account Receivables and General Ledger of the
company and its subsidiaries. Process journal entries and perform accounting correction to
ensure accurate records.
Provide recommendation and achieve 80% of targeted sales by liaising with internal sales
& operation team to gather, analyse, and interpreted the financial data and sales data.

2012 – 2015 KPMG Management & Risk Consulting
Senior Associate (2014 – 2015)
Associate (2012 – 2014)

Malaysia

Responsible for conducting application control review and audit services for different industries
(e.g. manufacturing, insurance, banks, telecommunication sector, education industry, oil & gas,
hotel sector, multi-level marketing sector, retail industries and etc). Leading a team of 4 - 5 in
internal control reviews and business process reviews for different clients.

•

Lead 20+ engagements in providing consulting and audit services, by giving guidance
and instructions as well as providing support to the team members.

•

Provided timely, accurate and reliable completion of 30+ client engagements in
conducting external audits, compliance & operational audits, business process review,
internal control reviews Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) audits, and IT audits on financial
systems.

•

Prepared time and cost budgets, planned and conducted audit preparation, served as
liaison during audit phases, assist in several projects with revenue of more than RM
100,000.

•

Experience in working across functions and dealing with overseas entities (e.g. KPMG
Netherland, KPMG Singapore, KPMG Korea and clients in overseas)

Education Background
2009-2012

Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), Sunway University,
Malaysia

2009-2012

Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Applied Accounting, Second Class Honours,
Oxford Brookes University, Malaysia

2007-2008

Certified Accounting Technician (CAT), Sunway University, Malaysia

Certifications
Associate of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)
Certified Accounting Technician (CAT)

Languages
English (Native), Mandarin (Fluent), Malay (Fluent)

Technical Skills
Proficient in Microsoft Office, advanced Excel (including vlookup and pivot), Word, PowerPoint,
SAP ERP System, ORACLE financial system, IDEA Data Analysis software.

Personal Interests
Frisbee, Badminton, Photography, Jungle Trekking, DIY Miniature house decoration, Research
and Reading.

