Khoo Lee San
Singaporean
162 Taman Permata, Yew Lian Park, Singapore 575284
Phone: 9023 3478 / Email: khooleesan@gmail.com

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
KPMG Services Pte. Ltd.
September 2010 – Present
Assistant Manager, Audit, Financial Services
 Client portfolio includes:o Aberdeen Asset Management Limited funds (secondment in Sydney office)
o ARA Asia Dragon Limited
o ARA Asia Dragon II Limited
o Cache Logistics Trust
o Digital Singapore Jurong East Pte Ltd
o GIC (Ventures) Pte. Ltd.
o Hanwell Holdings Limited
 Managed teams of more than twenty as the in-charge, overseeing the financial audits of real estate
investment trusts and funds, private equity funds, multi-asset funds and venture capital firms.
 Designed and performed audit procedures to test different account balances such as inventory,
investments, investment properties, derivatives, loans, revenue and expenses.
 Formulated and coordinated group audits, including the management of overseas component
auditors and specialists, to deliver a high standard of client service on a globally consistent basis.
 Interacted with clients from various management levels to gather information for the evaluation of
controls and risks related to financial reporting processes.
 Identified key audit issues and made recommendations such as possible year end adjusting entries to
ensure that account balances are fairly stated.
 Reviewed consolidation and hedge accounting journal entries; guided clients on appropriate
accounting treatments.
 Reviewed quarterly financial results for SGX announcement and consolidated financial statements
to ensure compliance with the International or Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and/or
Recommended Accounting Practice 7.
 Coached subordinates to develop their audit and accounting knowledge through practical
application.
 Achievements:o Demonstrated innovation – developed customised consolidation templates for clients’ use.
o Strove for continual improvement – streamlined audit procedures and identified inefficiencies
to enhance synergies within teams and attain results below budgeted costs.
o Displayed strong project management skills – managed multiple audit engagements
concurrently, implemented contingencies to pre-empt potential obstacles and ensured
deadlines are met through effective time and resource management.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants
 Chartered Accountant of Singapore (Non-practising member)
Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
 Bachelor of Accountancy (Honours)

OTHER INFORMATION


Effectively bilingual in English and Mandarin



Proficient in Microsoft Office Word, PowerPoint, Excel

2014
2007 – 2010

