Resume
HP: (65) 96447634

Tan Sock Kheng, Priscilla

priscilla.tan22@gmail.com

RESUME SUMMARY
Applied Position

Chief Financial Officer

Years(s) of Work Experience

+18 years

Latest Job Function

Finance/Accounting

Latest Industry Sector

Diversified Conglomerate

Latest Career Level

Senior

Last Drawn and Expected Salary

$7,215 and according to company structure

Highest Education Attained

Degree

Availability

1 week notice

PERSONAL PARTICULARS
Gender

Female

Nationality

Singapore

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

My past working experience has been in the audit firm and local, listed and global MNC for the past 16 years. My
last job responsibility has been in financial reporting and operations for the group and other several entities under
the Shared Services Function. Areas on Mergers and Acquisitions, liquidation of entities have been part of the
investment operation. Consolidation of financial reporting, audit, budgeting and planning, taxation, treasury and
banking related matters. I am required to able to perform multi task areas of transactions for the individual
sectors. I am self- confident, independent, diligent and tactful towards staff, colleague. Willingness to go the extra
miles is my strength and a keen learner with an open and swift mind is my character.

EDUCATION AND PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION

University of Portsmouth, BA (Hons) Accountancy (major: Accountancy)
Grade / GPA: 2nd class
Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountant, Association of Accounting Technician
National Institute of Commerce, Business Studies-Major in Accounting

W ORK EXPERIENCE

Centurion Private Equity Ltd
Finance Operations Controller

Jun / 2011 - Mar/ 2016

Job Duties / Achievements
Scope Of work on activities relating to audit, financial reporting and management, corporate finance,
taxation, payroll and business support functions. Assist in arrangement of board resolution, banking/ loan
related matters.
Provide the necessary support to the Business Operations in business development and strategy work.
Financial Management on forecasting, budgeting and operational analysis skills. Overseeing Finance &
Administration processes in local offices. Supporting as needed Mergers &Acquisition (M&A) and related
due diligence.
Maintain relations with external auditors and investigate their findings and recommendations in coordination
with the Group. Ensure cash flow forecast and rolling projections are submitted timely to HQ. Ensure the
receivables are collected in time. Ensure the working capital needs are properly analysed and acted upon.
Ensure long-term investments are financed with adequate financing.
Responsible for private equity funds investments, scope of duties includes auditing, corporate finance,
treasury, cash flow funding for investment sector. Manage a list of investor portfolio and assist in setting up
of new venture, capital layout, dividend returns and exit plan for the various investment planning.
Manage monthly year end closing of accounts, review audit schedules. Review GST returns, review tax
schedules & tax computations and liaise with the Tax Agent on tax matters. Coordinate and oversee the
closing process and make sure the offices submit data on time.

Hand-on approach on finalizing the group consolidation financial statement. Access and administer the
accounting software for the group and subsidiaries. Consolidation of Group financial statement is properly
prepared and submission timely.

Vashion Group Ltd
May / 2007 - May / 2011
Group Finance Manager/Controller
Job Duties / Achievements:
My job scope was to assist in the reverse takeover of the listed company planning and execution. Not
excluding the Groups consolidation financial reports and review of the subsidiaries financial results
periodically. To supervise a team of five staff and work globally with our overseas and local operations
as a public listed companies. For Corporate finance, arrange with corporate secretary on board
resolution, board meetings, public announcements. Work with public consultants and fund managers
or issuers on mergers, acquisition and liquidation of new entities. For funds raising, discuss funds
placements with bankers and negotiate with legal departments and corporate matters. Submission of
financial statements, quarterly and compilation of data for annual reports. Monitor and analyse the
financial performance from actual versus forecast. Prepares monthly consolidated financial
statements, cash flow management, review monthly audit schedule and reporting package. Review
stock reconciliation, billings, payables and related financial issues.

Co- ordinate audit planning,

taxation and corporate secretarial and ad-hoc duties. Annual roll over of forecasting and budgeting of
the local subsidiaries of the Group. Travels to subsidiaries and regional offices.

Shell Petroleum East Asia Pte Ltd

Finance Manager

Jun / 2005 - Apr / 2007

Job Duties / Achievements:
The role is to assist the marine business unit to implement the upgrade version of the SAP F1 on the
downstream projects. The scope includes integration of the process from sales contract order,
confirming regional orders to revenue and the final posting to the financial reporting pack. Updates
and ensure the accuracy on pricing structure into the SAP BU model. Assist the credit risk division on
the updated credit management reporting; manage the approval of credit limits. Prepare the
dashboard reporting and KPI performance of the main oil products. To support the projects divisions
in the SOX compliance and internal control measures. Assist the shared services team to ensure the
posting of transaction and month end closing of financial reports on timely basis. Booking of the
hedge currency rates from Bloomberg and updating into the system.

Daimler Chrysler Capital Services Pte Ltd
Financial Accountant

May / 2001 - Apr / 2005

Job Duties / Achievements:
At Daimler, my job scope includes daily runs on the process of operation and financial reporting within
the finance division in accordance to FRS standards. Handles the full sets of accounts as well as the
liquidation process of one of the business units. Duties are preparing journals, fixed assets disposal,
portfolio analysis. Ensure monthly closing of the profit & loss accounts and balance sheet. Liaison with
bankers, auditors and other corporate issues. Process payments and receivables function. Hedging
Funds & liaise with treasury on loans and maintaining Internet cash flow reporting. I reports to Managing
Director and are independently to the working environment.

Powermatic Data System Ltd
Management Accountant

Jun / 1996 - Apr / 2001

Job Duties / Achievements:

In Powermatic Data system, I was put into handling the payroll of the Group and the subsidiary payroll

MMAY

division initially and reports to the managing director of the group. Full spectrum of human resource

1996May19

function such as expatriate employment pass, tax clearance, leaves management, monthly payroll and

96-

CPF maintenance. I was then transferred to finance division in which I handle two sets of subsidiaries for
the group. Job duties includes preparing of financial reports, GST compilation, receivables credit control,
ensure audit compliance and internal control workflow. Inventory, cost and work in process computation
for production operation & accounts payable section.

SKILLS (OPTIONAL)
MICROSOFT WORD,EXCEL, ERP SYSTEM , ACCPAC SYSTEM, ASKMANNMAN, SAP FI/CO
SYSTEM, PITPAY SOFTWARE, JDEDWARDS (ERP),SCALA, CRYTALS REPORTS,INFOLEASE
SYSTEM, Microsoft Great Plains Programmed, Premier Quick book System.
LANGUAGES (OPTIONAL)
Spoken: English,Mandarin,Teochew,hokkien,cantonese
Written: English,Mandarin,Teochew,hokkien,cantonese

CORE COMPETENCIES














At least 18+ years relevant experience with 8 years in managerial/supervisory
role with regional exposure
Working experience in a multinational company environment, and ability to excel
in diverse cultures
Experience in leading a team, and a good team player
Experience in developing and implementing accounting policies and familiarity
with SOX requirements
Strong working knowledge of US GAAP/ IFRS
Strong verbal and written communication skills, and good interpersonal skills to
give strong business partnering support
Self-motivated to learn new concepts and participate in new projects
Deadline-conscious with “can do” spirit to ensure timely reporting

Analytical, detailed oriented, accurate with a sense of urgency to complete
project
Have a positive work attitude including willing to work some longer hours during
peak periods
Agile, results oriented, customer focused
Acts with integrity and fairness and high standards of accountability

Date:15 July 2017
To: danjaria@argyllscott.sg
Priscilla Tan
29, Elias Road,
Singapore 519933
HP: 96447634

RE: Application for position of Chief Financial Officer

Just to give a brief outline of history on myself. I have been working in the accounting field for more than
18 years. My last employment was with a Diversified Conglomerate Real Estate Property Management
company as Finance cum Operations Controller.
I have obtained an Honour Degree programme at University of Portsmouth (UK) and graduated with
Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in Accountancy. I have been a member of the ACCA and have become an
associate member of the AAT in year 1997. I am conversant in most international accounting packages
such as SAP FICO/MM/SD, Accpac, JDEdwards, Scala Systems, Microsoft Quickbook, Infolease System
(Decision Support software), and Microsoft Dynamics packages. I am proficient in using Office tools such
as Microsoft Excel, Words, Access, and PowerPoint programme.
With consistent track record of success in achieving a broad range of goals throughout my career, I
believe I offer the leadership and skillset that would benefit the company. A summary of the value that I
can bring to your management team includes:1)

Over 18 years of extensive experience in financial reporting, management, budgeting an
planning role within the finance division spanning various industries and jurisdiction.

2)

Advance individual and team development skills, including upgrading, re-training, mentoring and
evaluating performance. I use hands-on, supportive approach that leads to improved
performance.

3)

High level of adaptability and flexibility gained through working in multi-national corporations
across different culture and working environments.

In particular, the strong relationship I build with team members, upper management, partner organizations
and the community. I would appreciate if you can give me a chance to share my experience with you,
which can contribute to the company. Kindly call me for an interview for further discussion.
Yours truly,
Priscilla Tan

