DENG XIUWEN REBECCA
Date of Birth:
Address:
Mobile:
E-mail:
Marital Status:

21​st​ February 1984
49 Hillview Avenue, #07-07 Hillington Green, Singapore 669615
8138 5822
Rebecca.Dengxw@gmail.com
Single

Summary
9+ years of audit experience (internal and external audit) in both banking and non-banking sectors. Strong
sense of risk awareness, responsibility and ability to work independently and within tight time constraints
without compromising on quality of output. Possess great attention to detail and also able to step back and
provide a holistic view. Possess the ability to identify control gaps, provide value adding
recommendations to the Stakeholders and able to manage a team effectively.

Professional Experience
Standard Chartered Bank (Internal Audit)
Senior Audit Manager
Audit Manager ​

April 2016 - Present
​July 2014 - March 2016

Acquired 2+ years of internal audit experience in the Corporate Finance, Principal Finance (Private
Equity and Fund Management) and Transaction Banking (Front Office) business. Experienced in leading,
managing and executing audits.
Responsibilities (Team Leader and Team Member):
● Prepare detailed audit approach (including key risks) and identifying controls to be tested.
● Implement the audit plan.
● For audits where I am the team leader, I manage a team of 5-6 team members. Providing guidance
and support to the team members throughout the audit and review of team members work papers.
● For audits where I am the team member, in addition to audit execution, I also assist other team
member with their queries.
● Identify gaps in control design and control operating effectiveness.
● Draft issues and communicate issues with the Stakeholders.
● Work alongside Stakeholders to formulate suitable action plans to remediate the issues raised and
risks identified.
● Draft audit reports.
● Follow up with Stakeholders on action plans until remediation is completed.
● Review of draft planning documents, audit issues and audit reports prepared by Country Audit
Teams relating to Corporate Finance / Principal Finance audits and provide feedback.
● Involved in annual risk assessments.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

KPMG (Singapore and London | External Audit)
Singapore | Audit Manager
London | Assistant Manager
Singapore | Associate & Senior Associate

Nov 2013 - June 2014
Nov 2011 - Oct 2013
Feb 2007 - Oct 2011

Acquired 7+ years of external audit experience in a Big 4 accounting firm in both the banking and
non-banking sectors. Being one of the top performers within KPMG, I was given an opportunity to work
in KPMG London for 2 years (secondment).
Responsibilities:
● Prepare detailed audit plans which includes the following:
- Preparation of budgets and allocation of tasks to team members.
- Deciding the audit approach for the year, taking into consideration the key risk areas of the
audit client, reassessing the audit approach carried out in the previous year and identifying
areas of improvement before executing the new audit approach.
- Identify key controls to be tested.
● Implement audit plan by leading, execution and reporting to key stakeholders.
● Provide technical guidance and moral support to the team members.
● Review the work that has been carried out by the team members.
● Managing various client engagement and audit teams concurrently. Each team consists of
approximately 2-3 team members.
● Coordination and communication with KPMG Offices and stakeholders across Asia and
Europe.
● Fee negotiation with Senior Management.
● Analyse client’s balance sheet and profit & loss.
● Prepared Long Form Reports which contains the deficiencies in the Company’s key controls
and rectification recommendations.
● Review Annual Statutory Accounts. Ensure compliance with Singapore Financial Reporting
Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards, Monetary Authority of Singapore
Notices and Banking Act.
● Performance Manager to Mentees which requires an understanding of the needs of the Mentees
and their career progression plans in order to play a part and direct them towards their goals.
Portfolio:
● Audit Banking portfolio includes the following:
- Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore and London Branch
- Malayan Banking Berhad, Singapore Branch
- HSH Nordbank AG, Singapore Branch
- Raiffeisen Bank International, Labuan Branch
- First Commercial Bank, Singapore Branch
- Krung Thai Bank, Singapore Branch
- Shinhan Bank, Singapore Branch
- Guaranty Trust Bank
- China International Capital Corporation

●

Audit Non-Banking portfolio includes the following:
- MediaCorp Pte Ltd, ​Media Company such as television, magazines etc
- Deutsche Bank Subsidiaries, ​Investment Holding Companies
- Helvetic Investments,​ Fund Manager
- Phibro Trading, ​Petroleum
- Helvetic Investments,​ Fund Manager
- Symrise Pte Ltd, ​Manufacturing Company
- Home Nursing Foundation, ​Charity

Key Skills
● Ample technical knowledge and patience to guide team members.
● Strong analytical skills.
● Experience in a vast array of industries.
●
●
●
●
●

Excellent team player.
Ability to work independently.
Technically proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
Excellent written skills in English and verbal communication skills in English and Mandarin.
Willingness to travel to overseas locations.

Education
Monash University, Melbourne
Bachelor of Accounting,
Minor in Business Statistics
●

Extra Curriculum Activity : Campus Christian Movement

Anglo Chinese Junior College
GCE ‘A’ Levels
●

2001 – 2002

Extra Curriculum Activity : Canoeing and Dragon Boat

Methodist Girls’ School
GCE ‘O’ Levels
●

July 2003 – Dec 2006

1997 – 2000

Extra Curriculum Activity : Netball

Professional Qualifications
CPA Australia
Member
Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA)
Certificate for Internal Audit and Business Risk

June 2011 – Present
March 2016

Interest
● Travelling
● Photography
● Investing

