KHOO SU YIN, ADELINE
69 Moulmein Road #20-87 S(300069)
HP: 93266091
adekhoo@gmail.com
WORK EXPERIENCE
Aug 2014 - Present

Mornington Services Pte Ltd
Operations & Administrative Manager
Mornington is a dedicated family office which provides investment oversight & comprehensive
wealth management for asset owners and their beneficiaries within a private family. Mornington
also provides administration and monitoring of fiduciary services relevant to family trusts and
investment structures to ensure relevance for needs of owners and beneficiaries.
I have responsibility of managing all service provider relationships (including negotiation of fees
and review of services) with global custodian, institutional trustees, accountants, corporate
secretarial services, banking, investment managers, brokers & IT security vendors.
I have oversight of the following:
Fiduciary & Trust Administration:
 Work closely with external Institutional Trustees for all trust admin matters,
distributions to beneficiaries and preparation of financial statements for trusts and
underlying investment holding entities.
 Work closely with external council to effect amendments to trust deeds and/or changes
in trustee and ensure family members peace of mind.
 Keeping up with regulatory changes in the trust space.
Philanthropy Administration:
 Work closely with the Grants Committees of foundations for which Mornington
provides administrative support in grant-making.
 Administration of grants and follow-on reports by grantees.
Investment Operations:
 Monitor investment processes and mandated investment parameters of external
discretionary managers.
 Ensure proper execution of investment transactions that are advisory in nature.
 Continuously improve on current criteria for selection of external brokers/managers for
management of assets.
Funds Transfer & Liquidity Management:
 Supervise administration of banking and fiduciary services provided by banks and
trustees/trust administrators.
 Set policies and procedures on funds transfer processes and authorities over various
bank accounts.
Other Operational Functions:
 Ensure IT systems are current and secure; work with IT consultant/service providers to
implement appropriate security software for all stakeholders secured communications.
 Assist Managing Director in hiring, training, supervising, and evaluating assigned
staff.
 Assist family members in liaising with consultants hired for specific projects,
including negotiating deliverables by consultants as required and making payments on
behalf of the family.
 Work closely with Captains of family-owned yachts to supervise the administration of
budgeting and payments for family-owned yachts.

Jun 2011 – Jul 2014

State Street Bank & Trust (Singapore) & State Street Fund Services (Hong Kong)
Singapore
Project Manager
Project lead on a number of projects of varying nature. This includes:
 Onboarding/transition planning for new and organic growth clients
 System developments surrounding client reporting requirements requiring coordination
between the client, operations team and IT
 Set up of new product including drafting of business cases and proposals for
management approval and liaising with external service providers.
Skillsets include –
 Ability to understand different stakeholder needs
 Provide timely & informative updates to senior management
 Interpersonal skills to deal with both internal & external parties
 Ability to coordinate between multiple business units for quality and timely delivery of
agreed project milestones
Hong Kong
Relationship Manager
Managed the client relationship and the fund administration operations for a large fund of funds
client with over US$1billion in commitments under administration.
Operations Manager
Successfully managed and implemented the outsourcing process of Hong Kong private equity
administration operations to Hangzhou which required co-ordination with multiple departments
and involving many internal stakeholders.
Managed the key changes in operational process due to the outsourcing arrangements and ensured
that delivery of outsourced site complies with SLA. Ensure change management process between
operational team and new team set up in Hangzhou was smooth and issues were either resolved
or escalated appropriately.
Managed the onboarding process of all new and organic growth clients with both internal and
external stakeholders. Scope included both local and global relationships which required
coordination and timeline planning with State Street America and State Street Europe.

Mar 07 to Jun 11

State Street Alternative Investment Solutions (formerly Mourant Fund Services, LLC )
Supervisor (03/2007 – 06/2011)
Mourant Fund Services, LLC provides multi-jurisdictional financial administration services,
specializing in the administration of limited partnerships, SPVs and other pooled investment
vehicles, with over $170 B of client commitments under administration. On April 1, 2010
Mourant became part of State Street Alternative Investment Solutions.
Singapore
 Part of the team pioneering the company expansion into Asia including pitching and
winning initial clients for the Singapore office.
 Played an integral part in setting up the Asia offices, including developing workflows
processes, operational controls and integrating best practices of the company.
 Onboarding of several new clients and acting in a client relationship manager role as the
main point of contact for clients, auditors & investors.
 Successfully managed client teams who were responsible for the accounting, cash
management, quarterly reporting and capital call administration of several clients.
 Participated in interviewing and hiring process of employees for the Singapore office.
New York
 Supervisor on a fund accounting team for a private equity client with a large family of
funds reporting both in US GAAP and IFRS.
 Experience in managing different teams of people on Investran conversion projects.
 Played an office-wide leadership and consulting role on Investran functionality and
usability.

Aug 06 to Mar 07

Macquarie Infrastructure Management (USA) Inc. (New York)
Executive (08/2006 – 03/2007)
Functioned as part of the set-up team for Macquarie Bank’s unlisted private equity fund vehicle
– Macquarie Infrastructure Partners. MIP is made up of several parallel funds with different
investors contributing capital into the fund to purchase investments.
Reporting directly to the CFO, mainly responsible for the operational & administrative functions
of the fund including capital calls, distributions, fund accounting & tracking of investor’s capital.

Feb 05 to Aug 06

BISYS Private Equity Services (New York)
Senior Associate (02/2005 – 08/2006)
Responsible for keeping accurate books and records of various private equity funds including
financial statements.
Main point of contact when liaising with clients and thus responsible for any ad hoc
projects/reports requested by clients.

Aug 00 to Feb 05

Ernst & Young, LLP (Singapore & New York)
Senior Auditor
New York
Conducted quarterly and year-end audit for a number of funds within a hedge fund.
Singapore
Conducted audits for a portfolio of clients in a variety of industries, including manufacturing,
trading and distribution, educational institutions, shipping, construction and government bodies.
Experience working on a client due diligence to facilitate a takeover.

PROFESSIONAL
QUALIFICATION

Australian Society of Practicing Accountants - CPA

TERTIARY
EDUCATION

Monash University (Australia)
Postgraduate Diploma in Advanced Accounting, July 2000
University of Melbourne (Australia)
Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting and Finance), December 1998

COMPUTER
SKILLS

Microsoft Office
PeopleSoft
Investran
Lotus Notes

INTERESTS

Triathlons, Badminton, Food and Traveling.

REFERENCES

Available upon request.

