CHEW JIEN HOONG
Mobile no: +65-9731 0220
jienhoong_chew@hotmail.com
Singaporean PR

» INTRODUCTION
A dynamic professional that is seeking a challenging position that leverages on technical, management
and communication skills gained from exposure in the Big Four accounting firms. Able to adapt quickly
to solve problems and provide value-adding solutions to contribute to business growth. Driven to
constantly update skillset to remain relevant in the industry.

» WORK EXPERIENCE
Manager (Assurance - Financial Services)
Ernst & Young (Singapore)

August 2011 - current

Key responsibilities:







Provided a wide range of assurance services including statutory audits and special purpose
audits in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), Singapore Financial
Reporting Standards (SFRS) and Singapore Standards on Auditing (SSA).
Managed a diverse client portfolio which includes large to medium sized local and foreign
financial institutions, exchanges, private equity funds, hedge funds, fund managers and
brokerage firms.
Involved in the review of a wide range of business functions in various foreign and local banks
which include corporate credit, retail banking, trade financing, treasury, risk management and
risk reporting. Successful in driving improvements focusing on regulatory compliance to client
processes and procedures across engagements .
Lead the ISAE 3402 audit of a global securities services and fund administration financial
institution and executed OSPAR reviews for companies in line with requirements of the
Association of Banks in Singapore.
Supported the business development initiatives of the firm through go-to-market initiatives and
presentation of proposals to prospective clients which resulted in new wins for the firm.

Key skills and competencies:





Strong controls mindset supplemented with in-depth analytical, planning and problem solving
skills.
Sound knowledge of MAS regulatory requirements in areas such as regulatory returns,
technology risk management, outsourcing and anti-money laundering.
Ability to work independently or part of a team to achieve objectives and produce high quality
deliverables. Proven track record in managing large teams for complex audit engagements
across different countries such as the U.S, U.K, Hong Kong and Thailand.
Engaged as an trainer as part of the department learning and development program. Played an
active role in mentoring junior associates, developing their potential and supporting their
personal development.

Intern (Equity Capital Markets)
Commerce International Merchant Bank (CIMB), Malaysia



Assisted in preparation of client presentation materials for road shows through market research
and analyzing of financial ratios of various stocks and indexes
Supported in the performance of due diligence on businesses which includes industry and
analysis of historical financial data

Intern (General Audit)
KPMG, Malaysia



February 2011 - April 2011

July 2007 - August 2007

Involved in the statutory audit of automotive, manufacturing and pharmaceutical companies.
Assisted in the execution of audit procedures such as performing analytical reviews and
inventory stock takes.

» ACADEMIC & PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
CPA Australia
2015
Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting & Finance)
University of Adelaide, Australia
Class of 2010
South Australian Matriculation (SAM)
Taylors College, Malaysia
Class of 2007

» LANGUAGE PROFICIENCIES
 Fluent in English and Malay (spoken and written)
 Proficient in Mandarin and Cantonese (spoken)

» OTHER INFORMATION
Notice period
References

: 2 months
: Available upon request

