DEREK YAP
With a passion for customer satisfaction, I am looking for Client Servicing, Account Manager or Project Management
roles, leveraging on 6 years of business development and account management experience.
748C Bedok Reservoir Crescent #06-41 S(473748)

• +659789 4121 • yapderek85@gmail.com

WORK EXPERIENCE
Oxford Economics
Jun 2016 - Present

Preqin Pte Ltd
Aug 2011 - Jun 2016

Business Development Manager, Japan and Korea
Develop sales plans to maximize revenue from new and existing clients.
Accountable to understand, tailor and propose products based on customers' current needs.
Understand customers' environment in order to be successful in pitching and positioning
Oxford Economics' solutions to be a solution and an enabler.
In constant connection with economists to understand the macro-environment and the
possible trends that lies ahead. These knowledge are translated to conversations that
become touch points to prospects and customers.
Demonstration/presentations of our solution to clients, in partnership with economists.
Manage the entire buyer's journey from discovery to, negotiation and closure.
Organised monthly email marketing campaign for targeted markets.

Senior Account Manager
Responsible for bringing in new business and for managing accounts to help existing
customers understand how they might better use our products.
Attended regional conferences to promote brand awareness in the region and to expand
business relationships with various financial institutions.
Pioneered the Singapore Clients Services Sales Team. Conducted interviews for new sales
personnel. Provided product training to new sales executives. In charge of targets for
Account Management team.
Worked across various asset classes: private equity, real estate, infrastructure and hedge
funds.
Built and maintained strong relationship with Hedge Funds, Private Equity Funds, Fund of
Funds, Family Offices, Sovereign Wealth Funds, Central Banks, Private Banks, Asset
Management Firms, Prime Brokers, Hedge Fund Administrators across Asia Pacific and
Middle East.
Data-mining of in-house CRM for new leads, and for up-selling to current clients.
Managed entire sales process from lead generation and initial pitch, to sales presentations
and negotiations.
Managed platform’s “livechat” service, providing timely customer service.
Account Manager of the company’s biggest clients such as Temasek Holdings, Korea
Investment Corporation, Bank of Japan, Monetary Authority of Singapore, etc.
Achieved 150% of sales target in 3 consecutive quarters of 2012, 2013 and 2014.
Achieved 100% of renewal targets in 3 consecutive quarters of 2014 and 2015.
Actively contacted new sales leads and presented optimal data solutions to C-levels and
executives.
Meeting regional clients quarterly to build relationships and provide training of database
platforms.

Customhouse Fund Services
May 2010 - Aug 2011

The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi
UFJ, Ltd
Jul 2008 - Sep 2008

Reconciliation Accountant
Managed multiple funds on daily basis.
Enhanced excel spreadsheet for ease of use and effectiveness in reconciliation of funds.
Liaised with brokers/custodians to ensure accurate a timely receipt of all portfolio
information.
Full knowledge on the usage of Bloomberg Terminal.
Portfolio reconciliation for monthly funds.
Organized company events for social committee team.

Administrative Assistant - Trade Finance Dept
Reporting of trade status and funding information with online systems.
Programs include: sales tools, lead generation, customer seminars and sales promotions.
Use of Smile System for daily import and export transactions.
Ensure daily export documents are endorsed properly.
Worked as a team for DHL processing.

EDUCATION
University of London
2006 - 2009

Anglo Chinese Junior College
2002 - 2003

Anglo Chinese School BR
1998 - 2001

B.Sc Banking & Finance (Honours)
Team member and Treasurer of Badminton team

GCE A Level Certification
Vice-captain of Cross-country Team

GCE O Level Certification
Section Commander of National Police Cadet Corps

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION
CMFAS M1a,
CMFAS M1b
CMFAS M2
COMAT ES WSQ – Perform Advanced Spreadsheet Functions – Microsoft Excel

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Skilled in a range of IT applications including Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint),
Mac Software, iMovie, Adobe Photoshop and Bloomberg Terminal.
Fluent in spoken and written English and Mandarin.
Clean Class 3 Driving Licence.
Available date: 1 month notice period

