Joni Hou 侯轶君
+852 97651283/+86 18721153035

hyjmang@163.com

A quicker learner with background in accounting, finance, statistics, risk management and economics.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MANAGER | Regent Capital Group （酉金资本）
Mar 2015 to present
A newly set-up private equity fund focusing on logistics real estate, modern logistics, upgraded consumption and
healthcare investment. Had exposure to different functions within the fund.
Investment and Risk Control
Perform financial due diligence on 10 projects covering logistics real estate projects and private equity investments with
total deal size of more than USD70million. Prepare financial due diligence reports and present findings to IC.
Partner with deal team on finance matters including advising on tax and ODI structure.
Conduct risk control by reviewing financial models and ensuring all closing conditions to be met before funding.
Post-investment management include helping portfolio companies implement accounting system and risk control
framework, and monitoring financial status of the portfolio companies.
Investor Relations
Prepare fundraising materials including fund presentation, pipeline information and legal documents. Respond to
investor due diligence request and calculate catch-up interest for subsequent closing investors. Successfully raised
USD100million.
Raised debt financing of USD30mil for 3 logistics real estate projects.
Prepare quarterly investor report.
Financial Control and Operation
Prepare financial statements of the fund. Calculate investor distribution and GP carry interest.
SENIOR ASSOCIATE | Financial Service Assurance, PwC Hong Kong
Oct 2011 to Dec 2014
Higher Performer. Focusing on banking and asset management industry. Demonstrated excellent project management skills
including budgeting, staffing, scheduling and quality control. Maintained productive working relationships with client personnel.
Investment Bank - CCB International (Holdings) – Core member of 2012 and 2013 annual audit
Review the valuation of unlisted investments using discounted cash flow, comparable company analysis and precedent
transaction.
Perform credit review of loan portfolios based on qualitative and quantitative credit risk factors.
Asset Management Corporation - China Orient International - Senior-in-charge of 2013 annual audit
Review the investment agreements and assessing the accounting treatments of the financial instruments. Familiar with
financial products in both Mainland and Hong Kong markets, including asset-backed securities, leveraged loans,
entrusted loans, convertible bonds, warrants and etc.
Private Equity Funds - Arch Capital Management – Core member of 2012 and 2013 annual audit
Review the valuation of investment properties through liaising with internal and external appraisers to understand the
valuation models and parameters and perform research of local property markets
Private Equity Funds – PAG
Perform reasonableness testing on management fee and performance fee.
INTERN | China Corporate Tax, PwC Hong Kong

Aug 2010

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS




HKICPA
Completed CFA exams (ready for certification)
Completed AMAC Qualification Examination

Jan 2015 to present
Jun 2014 to present
May 2016 to present

EDUCATION AND ACCOMPLISHMENT
University of Hong Kong - BSc, Major in Statistics and Finance, First Class Honors
Runner-up, CIMA Business Challenge Regional Final 2009

Sep 2008 – Jun 2011

McGill University - Half year exchange program, Major in Finance

Jan 2010 – Jun 2010

SKILLS
Language: Native in Mandarin. Fluent in English and Cantonese.
Financial Analytical Tools: Bloomberg, Wind, Thomson Reuters Eikon, etc.
Computer: Proficiency with Word, Excel, Powerpoint, SAS.

