Resume of Miss WONG Man Ying (JO)

Personal Details:
Name:
Professional designation:
Education level
Telephone:
Email:

WONG Man Ying (JO)
CPA (Practising)
Bachelor of Science (Accounting & Finance), University of East Anglia
5113 2213
jojojowmy@gmail.com

Application:
Current salary:
Expected salary:
Availability of work:
Working experience:

Competency:

HK$35,000 / month with discretionary bonus
HK$40,000 / month with bonus
One month notice in advance
Big4 candidate - 5 years as Auditor in international accountancy firms
plus 1 year commercial experience as a Senior Fund Accountant in a
world’s leading financial institute.
In my former employment history, I have accumulated experience in
handling the private equity funds in the start-up and in the maturity
stage.
Being an auditor, I have participated in an initial public offering
successfully listed on the main board of the Hang Seng Stock Index in
2015 which engaged in provision of construction and engineering
services (Market capitalization: ~HK$600M; P/E ratio: ~20). I am
competence in performing HK and US audit and substantial PRC audit
experience is gained. Other than engagement in initial public offering, I
have also accumulated relevant experience in performing audit of
companies listed on Hong Kong and US stock exchange, review
engagements, agreed-upon-procedure engagements and special
assignments such as due diligence with confidence.
In term of leadership, I have to provide coaching to the junior colleagues.
addition, I have been in-charge of several audit assignments leading groups of
two to four teammates in carrying out audit assignments.

Achievements:

According to the job appraisals from my direct manager, the audit
engagement team partners and feedbacks from the clients, they
appreciate my professional attitude and quality service delivered.
In December 2016, I was nominated by my direct manager to a cash
award of State Street for the recognition of my outstanding effort
contributed to the team.

1

Resume of Miss WONG Man Ying (JO)

Employment History:
Employer:
Position held:
Employment period:

State Street, one of the leading financial service provider
Senior Fund Accountant
From March 2016 up to July 2017

Responsibility:

Draft the financial statements of the private equity funds for audit purpose.
Review the quarterly and monthly closing of the funds accounts to ensure
that all investments are accurately recorded. Review the capital calls and
distribution notices and the allocation basis before dissemination to the
institutional investors.

Employer:

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (Deloitte-CPA), one of the leading accountancy
firms (Big 4)
Senior Associate 2 (Auditor)
From Dec 2014 up to March 2016

Position held:
Employment period:
Major client:

Listed companies on the main board of the Hang Seng Stock Index engage in
production of household electrical appliances (Market capitalization:
~HK$650M; P/E ratio: ~5), provision of golf and hotel services (Market
capitalization: ~HK$4 Billion), etc. Multi-national corporates engage in design
and selling of fire protection and security control systems and management
of hospitality services.

Employer:

Jimmy C H Cheung & Co. (CPA)
(Established by a former Partner of BTHK-CPA)
Senior Auditor
From Sep 2013 up to Sep 2014

Position held:
Employment period:
Major client:

Diversified portfolio is managed including: (a) listed and pre-listing companies
on Nasdaq engages in ocean fishery and trading of oceanic aquatic products
and production of shoes; (b) multi-national corporates engage in trading of
card readers and provisional of specialized, miss-critical solution for the
payments, telecommunications and transportation industries.

Employer:

Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited (BTHK - CPA), an independent member of
Baker Tilly International.
Senior Associate 3 (Auditor)
From Oct 2010 to June 2013

Last position held:
Employment period:
Major client:

My client portfolio is mainly represented by: (a) listed and pre-listing
companies on the main board of the Hang Seng Stock Index and OTCBB
engage in production of building materials (Market capitalization: ~HK$15
Billion; P/E ratio: ~24), advertising & consulting, trading of electronic
components and provision of pharmaceutical service; and (b) multi-national
private corporates engage in textile & apparels, automobile retailing,
maintenance & repair service, extracting machinery activities, etc.

Thank you for your kindly consideration and wish you all the best.
2

