Isaac, Law Hung Pan
Mobile: +852 62571777 Email: Isaac.lhp@gmail.com

Professional Profile
 Qualified accountant with 7 years professional and 3 years commercial experience with working
experience in different cities of Greater China. Flexible, willing to travel and take up new duty.
 Solid knowledge in statutory reporting and regulatory reporting (e.g. FRR, AMAC return) for Hedge &
Private Equity fund, internal control review and assessment of tax exposure (HK and PRC).
 Extensive knowledge in accounting standards (both IFRS and US GAAP - investment companies) for
fund industry.
 Exposure in latest regulatory requirement including (New HK Companies Ordinance, HK SFO, PRC
AMAC, US FATCA & CRS).
Work experience
Finance Manager – United Gain Investment Limited, March 2015 – Present
 Handling the operation of a Shenzhen based private equity fund and 3 Cayman hedge funds.
 Handling the full middle-to-back office of the hedge and private equity funds operation
 Reviewing and monitoring investors’ ad-hoc and recurring annual financial reporting to LPs
 Maintaining full set of accounting records of investment funds
 Working closely with external parties, including auditors, tax advisors, PRC and Cayman legal
advisors, onshore and offshore fund administrators, regulatory and compliance advisor
 Review regulatory reporting to HKSFC and AMAC (Including FRR, surveys, interim and annual report).
 Experience in supporting PRC office during transitional period
 Experience in setting up new fund structures with offshore and onshore presence
Finance Manager - Heng Sheng Group (Macau). Ltd, July 13 – Mar 2015
 Monitored internal control environment and review procedure manual of junket operation.
 Communicated with operation team for latest regulatory requirement from bureau.
Senior Associate, Assurance, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Hong Kong, December 10 – June 13
 Specialized in assurance engagement of asset management and bank. Key audit clients including real
estate funds, private equity funds and hedge fund and also a blue chip bank.
 Analyzed financial statements of companies in accordance with HKFRS and IFRS to assess
profitability, liquidity, solvency and efficiency of operations.
 Reviewed and evaluated valuation models and inputs for unlisted equities and work together with
valuation specialist in valuation assessment.
 Worked closely with external parties (fund administrator, tax specialist) during the engagement.
 Managed multi-assignment and facilitate both interim and final audit profess between team and
client and negotiate accounting issue notice during engagement with client.
Senior Accountant, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng, April 08 – December 2010
 Specialized in auditing the real estate arm and investment arm of listed companies, including main
board and GEM board listed companies.
 Worked together with tax specialists on tax issue related to real estate developer, mining and
environmental protection industry (both PRC and HK).
 Responsible for performing assessment of internal control environment, analytical procedures and
review of financial reports.
Accountant, Vision A. S. Limited, May 2006- March 08
 Focus in manufactory, trading, property investment company assurance engagement.
Professional qualification
 Member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountant.
 Member of Asset Management Association of China
Education
 Bachelor of Commerce – major in Accounting, Macquarie University, Australia, 2005
Language skills
 Native Cantonese, Fluent English and Mandarin.
Availability
 1 month notice

