WONG Lai Ming, Mandy
Tel: 61213095
Email: mandylmwong@gmail.com
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION AND EDUCATION
CPA, Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
The Chinese University of Hong Kong
Bachelor of Business Administration with Honours, Second Class Upper
Division
Major Concentrations: General Finance and Human Resources Management
University of Seoul, South Korea
- CNOOC Outgoing Student Exchange Scholarships 2009/10
Heep Yunn School
- Hong Kong Advanced Level Examination (2007)
- Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination (2005)

Jan 2015
Sep 2007 –Dec 2010

Sep 2009 – Dec 2009
Sep 2000 – Jul 2007

WORK EXPERIENCE
Jul 2016 – Present
Finance Manager, Gaw Capital Advisors Limited
Jun 2015 – Jun 2016
Senior Accountant, Gaw Capital Advisors Limited
Accounting & Financial Reporting
- Prepared monthly accounting entries for individual Fund and SPV
entities within the structure of an unlisted real estate fund or investment
platform (account); generated management and statutory accounts for
such entities
- Reviewed monthly accounting data for local investment entities to ensure
proper accounting treatment and readiness for consolidation
- Prepared financial consolidation and generate consolidated accounts and
financial statements in accordance with the appropriate
accounting/financial reporting basis such as US GAAP and IFRS
- Held responsible for annual audit for Fund and SPV entities
- Prepared quarterly investor reports
- Prepared individual and consolidated annual budget and forecast
- Prepared periodic and ad-hoc analytical reports for management review
- Coordinated with overseas teams in the PRC, Singapore, Australia,
Japan, Korea and the UK to prepare and collate regional reporting
package to head office in HK
- Liaised with local/overseas accounting/tax/legal service providers to
assist in transaction processes related to acquisition and/or disposal of
real estate/ investment holding companies
- INREV reporting for European investors
Cash Management/Treasury
- Monitored cash balance regularly and manage cash needs of various
entities within investment structure, processed transactions related to
capital calls, distributions, expenses and internal transfer
- Managed AP process and effected payments/disbursements
Capital Transactions
- Prepared computations, rebalancing/equalization, carried interest, funds
flow schedule and associated investor notices for Capital Calls and
Distributions

1

WONG Lai Ming, Mandy
Tel: 61213095
Email: mandylmwong@gmail.com
WORK EXPERIENCE (continued)
Financing
- Liaised with various banks on subscription line facilities
- Reviewed facility and related agreements
- Loan administration and compliance: drawdown, rollover, repayment,
monitoring of ICR and LTV
Structuring and Tax Compliance
- Reviewed tax planning, structuring and compliance prepared by external
tax advisor
- Assisted in FATCA registration and US tax compliance (e.g. K-1
schedules)
General
- Liaised and coordinated with external parties and advisors as needed, e.g.
auditors, lawyers, tax agents etc.
- Support and participate in various ad hoc projects for business line
overall as needed
Jan 2014 – Jun 2015
Senior Associate, Assurance - Financial Services,
PricewaterhouseCoopers
- Achieved “High Performer” rating in FY2014.
- Specialized in the sector of asset management audit
- Acted as senior-in-charge providing annual audit and interim review
services for private equity and real estate funds.
- For newly set up funds, performed review on the Limited Partnership
Agreements and subscription agreements; and drafted pro-forma financial
statements.
- Assessed clients’ valuation methodology on private equity and real estate
investments; and carried out analytics on investment portfolios and
reviewed investment proposal, due diligence report, sales & purchase
agreements, loan agreements, etc.
- For other balance sheet and profit and loss items, performed substantive
procedures over the calculation of carried interest, management fees,
capital contributions and distributions; and current/deferred taxation
computation.
- Reviewed consolidated and standalone financial statements and
corresponding schedules prepared in accordance with IFRSs and US
GAAP.
- Supervised associates in performing audit field work and reviewed their
work performed.

2

WONG Lai Ming, Mandy
Tel: 61213095
Email: mandylmwong@gmail.com
WORK EXPERIENCE (continued)
Oct 2013 – Jan 2014
Assistant Manager, Corporate Assurance, KPMG
Aug 2011 – Sep 2013
Accountant, Corporate Assurance, KPMG
- Provided annual audit and interim review services to HKEx listed company
(e.g. 0184.HK) engaging business in property investments and hotel
operations in China and Asia Pacific region.
- Assisted in the preparation of HKEx major transaction circulars regarding a
disposal of investment properties in Japan.
- Liaised with overseas clients and interoffice for group financial statements
reporting.
- Prepared group consolidated financial statements and corresponding
schedules.
- Reviewed disclosures on listed clients’ announcements, interim and annual
reports, including corporate governance reports before issuance to ensure
compliance with HKFRSs, Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Listing
Rules.
- Performed statutory audit for companies in construction; broadcasting and
telecommunication companies; and other non-government organizations.
- Performed specified audit procedures and reviewed the internal control
system of subsidiary of the US-listed logistics company in accordance with
SOX 404.
Mar 2011 – Aug 2011
Contract Human Resources Officer, Swiss Reinsurance Company
Limited
- Assisted in full spectrum of HR services, e.g. recruitment and payroll
calculation.
- Handled on-boarding and off-boarding arrangements for local staff and
expatriates.
- Prepared payment vouchers for monthly payroll, staff expense
reimbursement, etc.
LANGUAGES AND SKILLS
Excellent written and spoken Chinese (Mandarin and Cantonese) and English;
Proficient PC knowledge in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and Chinese Typing
Knowledge in IFRSs, ISAs, US GAAP, SEHK listing rules and Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
AVAILABILITY
One month notice

3

