Mobile: +65-97878354

Lee Xinfu
Email: leexinfu@gmail.com

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/leexinfu

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
KPMG (Audit, Senior)
Sep 2014 – Present
 Planned and led a team of 3 - 6 to execute the audit of companies from start to end.
 Identified and analysed engagement specific business risk, audit risk, fraud risk and financial risks to develop
effective audit procedures.
 Assess design, implementation and evaluating the effectiveness of the internal controls system in place. Provide
solutions to clients on control deficiencies identified.
 Established strong rapport with clients and colleagues through effective communication. Produce welldocumented audit working papers for Manager and Partner review.
 Performed valuation testing using DCF, PE and NAV model.
 Experienced in the audit of listed and non-listed audit clients from investment holding, logistics, construction,
property management, commodity trading and software industries.
Rent-a-fridge (Singapore) (Co-founder)
Jun 2014 – Dec 2015
 Bootstrapped and co-founded an online fridge rental business.
 Built an e-commerce website with Shopify and created a smooth flow from point of ordering to the point of
delivery and payment.
 Created a customised excel to take in data from a point of entry and churned out reports ranging from Delivery
Sheets to Deposit Return Summary.
 Maintained the accounts of the business and performed sales and costing analysis to maximise the rental income
received and reduce operating overheads.
 In 1 and a half years, expanded the fridge rental business from 5 fridges in 1 hostel to 200 fridges in NTU, NUS,
SMU and yo:ha hostel without taking a single loan.
 Sold the entire business for a profit after 1 and a half years.
Luther Corporate Services (Accounting, Internship)
May 2013 – Jul 2013
 Performed accounting and bookkeeping functions such as the posting of journal vouchers, review of sales order,
generation of sales invoices, credit and debit notes
 Assisted in the preparation of monthly management accounts
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION
Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountant (On track)

Sep 2014 – Present

CFA Institute
Candidate for the upcoming CFA level 1 exam in December 2017
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University
Bachelor of Accountancy

Jul 2011 – Jun 2014

CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
NTU Breakdance Club
Jul 2012 – Jun 2014
Chairperson
 Headed the Breakdance Club in NTU, increasing its members from 10 to 40 students in 2 years.
 Led a team of dancers through major competitions, eg. SVFUTri-University Competition (1st Place)
 Choreographed for major competitions and concerts such as NTU Joint Dance Concert.
 Organised a nationwide bboy competition attended by 300 participants
 Planned and coordinated various activities for club members,
 Managed the club's financial activities (Budget Allocation of $10,000)
TECHNICAL SKILLS AND OTHER DETAILS
IT Skills: Proficient in SAP, UBS, Quickbooks, Bloomberg Terminal (Basic), MS Excel, MS Powerpoint
Languages: English and Mandarin
Expected Salary (per annum): $60k - $70k

