Liu Yangdan|CFA/FRM level 1 candidate
Mobile: +65 93740843(Singapore)
Email: Liuyangdan1991@hotmail.com
Address: 50 Lor 40 Geylang, The Sunny Spring, Singapore 398074

Professional Experience
TriOptima|ICAP, Singapore

Jan 2017- present

Valuation analytics specialist
 Perform independent valuation for OTC trades of cross assets in global markets such as IRS, FX option, Equity
Option, CDS, Inflation swap, etc. and perform sensitivity analysis and XVA calculation.
 In charge of institutional clients sales in APAC and keep in touch with trading/treasury/valuation control/risk
management departments in banks.
 Assist quants with Model validation and upgrading and provide quantitative support for Clients and Sales.

Ernst &Young, Singapore

Nov 2015 – Apr 2016

Intern, Valuation Specialist
 Research on market environment, industry, financial data and balance sheet for companies with the help of Capital
IQ, and Perform Company Valuation by using DCF and comparable company approach, etc. for Private Equity or
M&A purpose, for example: valuation of Thiland bank, health care company and IT company, etc,.
 Perform Valuation of Standard Derivatives such as forex, options, IRS, CDS etc. using Bloomberg, Thomson
Reuters and SuperDerivatives and value OTC derivatives by building models such as Monte Carlo and Binomial, to
validate clients’ model, prices, P&L and some counterparty adjustments such CVA/DVA.
 Cooperate with Audit team and clients to acquire accurate information and work efficiently.

Chongqing Venture Capital Co., Ltd, China

Feb - Jun 2015

Assistant Investment Manager
 Investigated target companies and potential projects on their business proposals using Wind and networks.
 Researched and organized primary market information related to target companies and projects such as market
environment and industry development.
 Conducted due diligence with audit company and investigation with technical experts to understand and
analyzing the feasibility of the core business mode and profit generating technology and ideas.
 Assisted in the post-investment management of the projects or companies in investment cycle, to keep track of
projects’ development.

Education
Financial Markets，Yale University Online Course
Tepper School of Business, Carnegie Mellon University (CMU),USA
Certificate in Computational Finance
Nanyang Technical University (NTU) , Singapore
Master of Science in Financial Engineering
Sichuan University (SCU), China
Bachelor in Finance-First Class of Honours
Sichuan University (SCU),
Bachelor in Software Engineering (Transferred to Finance in year 2)

March 2017
July 2016
July 2016
Sep 2010- Jul 2014
Sep 2010- Jul 2011

Awards & Recognitions
Awarded “The Third Class (Province level)” for the business project-“P2P Campus Loan System based on SNS”, the
6th Legend-Star National Undergraduate Business Challenge Contest
Nov 2013
Awarded “National Undergraduate Innovation and Entrepreneurship Project (National level)” and provided 20,000
RMB research funds by China’s Ministry of Education, for ‘Intelligence Tibet Project’
Aug 2012
Awarded “Best Debater” twice, ‘Feng Huang Zhan Chi’ Cup University Debate Contest
Jun 2011
Recognized as Student leader of grade study commissars
Sep 2010-Sep 2011
Recognized as Vice-minister of Rights Protection Department of Sichuan University
Sep 2010-Sep 2011

Additional Information

 Language: English(Proficient), Mandarin(Native)
 Skills: MS Office, Eviews, SPSS, C language, C++ language, Matlab, VBA, Python, Thomson Reuters, Bloomberg,
Supper Derivative, Capital IQ.
 Interest: Dancer (Chinese classical dance, Modern Dance) for 7 years, Reading, Music, Traveling

