Bryce Lim Wei Liang
Block 949, Jurong West Street 91, #07-695, Singapore 640949
Phone: Singapore: (65) 9857 7005; Australia: (61) 435 634 012
Email: bryce.limwl@gmail.com

About me
A committed retail investor with a burning passion for the financial markets. I read annual reports during my free time and I
derive great personal satisfaction when I find investment opportunities. Building valuation spreadsheets and conducting
research on companies has become my hobby during my free time. I expect my growth in knowledge to be exponential with my
passion and hunger for knowledge being my driving force.

Education
CFA Program
Level 1 Candidate

June 2017 (Expected)

University of Melbourne, Faculty of Business & Economics, Australia

2014 – 2016 (2 Years)

(Ranked No.1 in Australia and No. 33 worldwide by Times Higher Education 2016)

Bachelor of Commerce (2nd Class Honours), Double Major (Finance & Accounting) with Law Breadth Accreditation
Attained High Distinctions (Top 3-5% of the cohort) in: Derivative Securities, Financial Accounting Theory, Taxation Law, Audit & Assurance Services, Intermediate
Financial Accounting, Personal Finance, Music Psychology

Association of Chartered Certified Accountants
2012 – 2014 (2 Years)
Completed: Financial Management, Audit and Assurance, Taxation, Corporate and Business Law, Performance Management,
Financial Reporting

Work Experience
One Asia Investment Partners, Hedge Fund Analyst (Intern)
Dec – Feb 2016 (3 Months)
 Prepared market snapshots and presentation documents.
 Conducted Top-Down and Bottom-Up investment research.
 Built financial and valuation models.
 Performed on-site due diligence on a private equity deal worth SGD15 million.
 Researched on FACTA and CRS as part of assisting the Compliance Department draft internal documentation.
KPMG, Management Intern, Audit
Dec – Feb 2015 (3 Months)
 Followed through the audit of a client listed on the mainboard of SGX.
 Acted as the process owner for the audit of Cash and Cash Equivalents & Accruals.
 Proposed alternative techniques to streamline the search of Temasek linked entities to be disclosed resulting in
improved efficiency.
Ernst & Young LLP, Associate, Assurance
Sep – Jul 2014 (11 Months)
 Managed a portfolio of local and international clients amounting to SGD1.2 million in annual revenue.
 Spearheaded as the team lead for the interims audit of a multinational retail client.
 Developed detailed breakdown of client’s control procedures and provided recommendations to mitigate risks.
 Independently audited financial statements in accordance to Financial Reporting Standards inclusive of fluctuation
analysis and reasonableness testing.
 Selected for a 6 month secondment on a rotational basis within the Assurance Unit.

Key Achievements






Manage own portfolio of securities consisting of equities and REITs in the Singapore and Hong Kong market.
Top GCSE O-Level Student (School level).
Appointed as the Naval Guard Commander responsible for Base Defence Operations in the Republic of Singapore Navy.
Completed all Fundamental Papers for the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA).
Two years of experience (combined) in Accounting, Finance and Taxation industry.

Others
Language: Fluent in English and Mandarin
IT Skills: Microsoft Office Applications (Excel, PowerPoint, Word)
Interests: Food, Investments, Reading, Casual Running, Basketball and a good challenge

