Chen Jia Jin
142 Serangoon North Ave 1, #01-335, Singapore 550142
Phone: +65 96283456 E-mail: jiajin.chen05@gmail.com

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
University of Melbourne
 Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting & Finance)

Feb 2013 – Dec 2015

Chartered Financial Analyst Program
 Level 2 Candidate

WORK EXPERIENCE
Deloitte & Touche Singapore – Audit Associate (Global Financial Services)
Aug 2016 - Current
 Planned and managed audit engagements
 Analyzed and evaluated financial information, policies and internal controls for various financial
institutions and provided recommendations for improved controls and operating efficiencies.
 Completed audit procedures and tasks independently in an effective and efficient manner and successfully
attained reasonable assurance and compliance with relevant legislation and accounting standards within a
strict time period.
 Developed strong rapport and worked closely with both audit team and various clientele departments,
allowing identification and effective rectification of issues
 Clientele Background: World leading private equity firm and fund, Wholesale banks, Commodity firms.
 Represented firm and achieved second runner-up in the ISCA games 2016 - Volleyball.
Meyado Private Wealth Management Singapore – Intern
Dec 2014 – Feb 2015
 Researched on mutual and exchange-traded funds and produced a spreadsheet model that encompasses a
selected list of mutual funds, allowing advisors to tailor their portfolios to clients’ suitability accordingly
and review the key indicators of created portfolios such as expected return, volatility, R-squared of selected
portfolios, saving up to 30 mins per portfolio creation.
 Successful execution of analysis on firm’s holdings led to the identification of areas where risk could be
further diversified in certain firm-held positions such as region/industry, resulting in a review of portfolios
of the firm’s holdings.
 Analyzed and evaluated individual investment advisors’ annual performance and weighted-average
growths.

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Monash Student’s Association of Singapore (Australia) – Treasurer
Mar 2013 – Dec 2014
 Advised on financials for plans and activities for the Association’s members
 Managed accounts and prepared budgets for planned activities.
 Planned and executed key events such as Orientation Day’13 and Games Day’13.
 Other Events undertaken: Makan Night’13, National Day Parade 2013
Singapore Armed Forces, Advanced Training Wing Officer - Lieutenant
Feb 2010 – Dec 2012
 Ensured successful ISO 9001 certification through the provision of proficient and up-to-date institutional
training syllabus for >1000 trainees and 25 different courses.
 Part of the team that enabled Signal Institute to attain its Approved Training Organization (ATO) status and
meet the accreditation criteria established by the Workforce Development Agency (WDA), thus increasing
trainees’ industry employability up to 15% after their training.
 Selected out of 120 junior officers to represent the formation as Ensign Officer for SAF Day 2012 and
National Day Parade 2012.
 Contributed to the success of 46th Signal Anniversary (Public Relations Officer) – assisting in the planning
stage and effective liaison with internal and external stakeholders.

SKILLS, ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS





Languages: Fluent & proficient in English, Mandarin
IT Skills: Microsoft Office, Experience with MYOB, Bloomberg Terminal
Interests: Soccer, Volleyball, Tennis
Competitions: ISCA Games, Melbourne Futsal League, A-Division National Volleyball Championships
(Singapore)

