G OH Y OKE S EE
H AYLEY , CPA
(D.O.B: 10 Oct 1990)

Address: Blk 429 Choa Chu Kang Ave 4
#10-415
Singapore 680429
Email: hayley.goh@hotmail.com
Tel: (65) 9819 8846
Nationality: Malaysian
Immigration Status: Singapore PR
Race: Chinese

CAREER OBJECTIVE
Aspiring accountant with 4 years of accounting experience looking for interesting and challenging position in a
global portfolio with possible exposure to consolidation, financial planning & analysis (“FP&A”) and financial
reporting.

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIP
Since January 2017

Level 1 candidate in the Chartered Financial Analyst (“CFA”) program
CFA Institute

Since January 2017

Certified Practising Accountant (“CPA”)
CPA Australia

July 2013 to December 2016

Associate
CPA Australia

EDUCATION
Year 2011 to Year 2012

Bachelor of Accountancy
Queensland University of Technology

Year 2009 to Year 2010

Bachelor of Commerce
University of South Australia
Taylor’s University College

Year 2008 to Year 2009

South Australian Matriculation (A level equivalent)
Taylor’s University College

Year 2003 to Year 2007

Malaysia Certificate of Education (O level equivalent)
SMK (P) Jalan Ipoh

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
February 2017 to June 2017

Contractor
Virgin Radio International Limited, Singapore
Accomplishments:
 Acted as the primary support for Senior Finance Manager to perform day
to day accounting, financial month end reporting, balance sheet schedules
and reconciliations.
 Adhered strictly to billing schedule and ensured completion of billing for
minimum guarantee and top up service fee for all territory based on
quarterly sales report received and service agreement.
 Performed timely and accurate working and reconciliation for quarterly
Goods & Services Tax (“GST”) return within stipulated submission
deadline.
 Compiled and reviewed accounting and financial data in preparing monthly
tax computation in accordance with both Singapore and Mauritius tax
laws.
 Actively participated in annual auditing process from initial liaison with
auditors on statutory accounts, preparation of audit confirmation and
schedules to the review stage of audited financial statements.

Resume of Hayley Goh
. Page 1 of 3

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY (CONT’D)
July 2014 to October 2016

Associate
Tricor Singapore Pte Ltd, Singapore
Accomplishments:
 Established trust and sense of reliability with both client and senior
manager by independently stationed in client’s office to deliver full set
accounting to a Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”) with portfolio of
more than 50 local and overseas business units in accordance with
Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (“SFRS”) and United States
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“USGAAP”).
 Contributed to good customer services and received positive feedback
from client regarding the ability to perform and demonstration of accuracy,
attention to detail and timeliness in various recurring and ad-hoc tasks.
 Engaged in Singapore taxation compliance by preparation of tax schedule
for tax agents, reconciliation and submission of quarterly GST return and
providing support to tax agents during GST annual review.
 Actively contributed to continuous improvement processes through
feedback on inefficiencies and practical suggestion on system
improvement (Oracle's Peoplesoft) and taking initiative to perform User
Acceptance Testing to facilitate implementation in production.
 Identified redundancies in quarterly recharge of employee Time &
Entertainment expenses between intercompany and henceforth formulated
improvement procedure to decrease of the need of intercompany billing by
60%.
 Compiled Standard Operating Procedure to ensure business continuity in
providing quality and uniform service to client and volunteered to extend
notice period in ensuring successor is adequately trained to fulfil
responsibilities aligned with client’s expectations.
 Portrayed appropriate level of communication and interpersonal skills to
work closely with client and both their internal and external customers from
diverse cultures and geographies.

March 2013 to May 2014

Auditor
NSC & Associates PAC, Singapore
Accomplishments:
 Able to work independently to conduct audit fieldworks, compile audited
findings and prepare audited financial statements for partner’s review
within the first 2 months of job commencement.
 Demonstrated consistently in achieving Key Performance Indicators by
finalizing more than 50 audit cases, on the average of one case per week
during the course of employment.
 Acquired diversified exposure on analysing financial statements and
operational data of various small medium entities from different industry
sectors e.g. trading, manufacturing, construction, shipping, charities and
investment holdings.
 Secured the chance to assist Audit Partner on his travel to overseas for
audit review and fixed assets sighting of client's foreign subsidiaries in
West Africa within the first 6 months of employment.
 Entrusted to supervise and guide one of the junior associate on audit
process and assessed his performance for engagement reviews within the
first 9 months of employment.

September 2012 to March
2013

Accounts Executive
Cuestar Industry (S) Pte Ltd, Singapore
Accomplishments:
 Ensured proper cut off and completeness of invoice billings according to
Percentage of Completion by working closely with Project Managers on
contract documents, variation orders and other additional services-related.
 Performed accurate allocation of costs and workers billable hours to
difference projects in the preparation of Work in Progress schedule.
 Timely preparations of salary and overtime computation to ensure monthly
pay check are delivered to workers without delay.

Resume of Hayley Goh
. Page 2 of 3

EMPLOYMENT RELATED SKILLS
Computer and IT







Oracle Peoplesoft
Yardi Voyager
Quickbook
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Word

Advanced
Advanced
Advanced
Intermediate
Intermediate

Languages

 Mandarin
 English
 Malay

Key Skills & Behavioural
Competencies

 Self-driven and devoted to excellence in all tasks given.
 Analytical and methodical when approaching problems.
 Inquisitive and committed to continuous professional development.

Native
Professional working proficiency
Professional working proficiency

REFEREES

Yap Hui Theng
Senior Finance Manager
Virgin Radio International Limited
TEL: (65) 6829 7110
DID: (65) 6829 7195
HP: (65) 9320 8550
Email:huitheng@virginradio.com

Jessica On Siew Lang
Senior Manager
Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.
TEL: (65) 6236 3333
DID: (65) 6236 3411
Email:jessica.on@sg.tricorglobal.com

Elsa Neoh
Controller, Singapore
Prologis Group (Client)
TEL: (65) 6622 2888
DID: (65) 6622 2824
Email: eneoh@prologis.com

Gary Zheng
Audit Partner
NSC & Associates PAC
TEL: (65) 6566 2206
DID: (65) 6220 2261
Email: gary@nsc.sg

Resume of Hayley Goh
. Page 3 of 3

