AI LIN
Mobile +65 9725 1124
Email : ireneailin0614@gmail.com

WORK EXPERIENCE
Gordian Capital Singapore Private Limited

Nov 2014 – now

Investment Operations Associate
 Day-to-day fund operations: Place/Monitor trades via TORA/Newport/Bloomberg/Triton according
to advices, check trade settlements, update portfolios, positions matching, NAV calculation, and cash
reconciliations.
 Liaise and provide support to all relevant internal and external parties. Such as portfolio managers,
prime brokers, fund administrators and auditors, etc.
 Identify and enhance internal calculation files using VBA and formulas. Review and approve monthly
NAV pack from administrators.
 Provide support on new funds onboarding, which includes AML checks on world check/website to
flag out any high-risk investors/relevant parties. Follow up and prepare documents for Broker/bank
account opening.
 In charge of management/performance fees calculation and billing for hedge funds; Calculate
distributor/advisory fees/portfolio manager salaries and do payment accordingly.
 Train and supervise new employees on daily/monthly fund operations.
 Monthly update of company level transactions through MYOB, and cooperate with the head of
operations & CEO on company audit matters.

3V SourceOne Capital, Internship in Singapore

Apr 2014 – Jul 2014

Involved in due diligence, report writing and company valuation on investment deals.
Met and interviewed leaders in potential companies.
Reviewed company portfolio and update the internal record if necessary.
Planned and organized company strategic meeting, which involved communication with directors
and materials preparation.
 Engaged in activities or networking session to keep in touch with partners and Investee Company.





EDUCATION
National University of Singapore (NUS), Singapore

Aug 2013 – Jul 2014

 Master of Science

Coordinated with NUS Enterprise Development Lab members to validate the market potential for a
technology and converted a patented process into a profitable business model for investment.

Northeastern University, China

Aug 2009 – Jun 2013

 Bachelor of Business Administration
Winner of College Scholarships, 4 times
Acted as Vice Present of Student Union, organized different kinds of activities and competitions and
was honored the title of “Outstanding Leader”.

OTHER SKILLS
Languages: English & Mandarin (speak & write)

Software/Tools: Newport, Triton (ITG), TORA, Bloomberg, MYOB, MS Office applications, basic VBA

