CURRICULUM VITAE
Cheong Yee Wen (Evon)
Date of birth : 26th September 1988
Marital Status: Single
Address
: 116, Bishan St 12, #07-34, Singapore 570116
Telephone Number: +65 8655 3952
Email
: y_wen818@hotmail.com
Nationality : Malaysian (Singapore Permanent Resident)

PERSONAL STATEMENT
-

Strong account knowledge with accounting and audit background.
2 years experience of account receivables and payables in commercial firms.
3 year accounting service experience, typically for software MYOB and audit express.
Able to absorb technical information and logical approach to work.
Detailed person who thinks critically and analytically.
Effective and efficient in problem-solving.
Highly organized person who is capable of working with minimum supervision.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal.
Good team player but also a willingness to work using own initiative.
Adapt to the stressful environment easily, able to work to tight deadlines.

WORK EXPERIENCE
FAC & Associates Pte Ltd
From: Dec 2013 – Current
Position Held: Account Executive
Detailed Activities:








Handle and maintain monthly / yearly full set of accounts and reporting, closing of accounts.
Perform monthly bank reconciliation and monthly financial report.
Assist in preparing audit schedule and GST submission.
Negotiating with clients, solving any problems and making sure deadlines are met
Managing the account’s budget and invoicing the client.
Client based consist of rubber trading, elevator project, wholesale.
Assist and support audit and ad-hoc assignments as and when required.
Sector: Audit firm
Reason for leaving: Looking for better career prospects and professional growth in audit experience.

MOVA Automotive Pte Ltd
From: Oct 2012 – Nov 2013
Position Held: Account assistant (Payables)
Detailed Activities:




Handle accounts payable roles, verify cost and prices and match purchase invoice.
Include data entry and posting, monthly bank reconciliation, closing activities.
Prepare monthly payment and communication with all suppliers. Respond inquiries,
reconciliation record transaction,
 Month end AP closing, reconcile with GL, clear out of balance with workshops.
 Review ageing report monthly & communicate with all supplier, monitor bank balances and
process in order to make payment to suppliers.
Sector: Automotive services industry
Reason for leaving: Intended to explore accounting in various industry and eager to learn full set of
accounting

Freight Links Express Pte Ltd
From: Aug 2011 – July 2012
Position Held: Account assistant (Receivables)
Detailed Activities:



Handle accounts receivable, assist with daily payment issued, data entry and posting.
Review ageing report monthly, monitor invoices outstanding balances and communicate with all
customers.
 Perform monthly bank reconciliation and monthly closing activities.
 To support daily operation on financial matters
Sector: Freight Forwarding/ Logistics
Reason for leaving: Looking career advancement opportunities in relation to Account Payables.

EDUCATION
2009 – 2011 University Tunku Abdul Rahman (UTAR) Malaysia.
Course: Bachelor of Commerce (HONS) Accounting
CGPA : 2.66
Major Courses: Auditing, Accounting Information System, Business and Corporate Law, Business and
International Finance, Cost Management, Financial Accounting, Managerial Accounting Decision Making,
Strategic Financial Management, Taxation
Final Year Project (Degree) : The significance of Human Resource Management Practices towards
Knowledge Management within Public Listed Companies in Malaysia.

2007 – 2009 College Tunku Abdul Rahman (KTAR) Malaysia.
Diploma in Business Studies Accounting
CGPA : 2.96
Major Courses: Financial Accounting, Business Economics, Management Accounting, Financial
Management, Business Law, Managing Information Systems ,Information for Control and Decision
Making, Corporate Law & Governance, Principles of Auditing

OTHER SKILLS AND COMPETENCES
English, Mandarin, Malay - Proficient user
Computer Skills: Microsoft Windows, accounting software MYOB, audit express

REFERENCES
Ms.Annie Lim
Mova Automotive Pte Ltd (Account Manager)
Phone: 6476 3333
Email: annie@mova.com.sg
Miss. Long Shih Yun
Freight Link Express Pte Ltd (Senior Account Executive)
Phone: 9679 8201
Email: shihyunn.long@freightlinks.net
Ms. Regina Pappu a/p P. Anthony
University Tunku Abdul Rahman (Final Year Project Supervisor)
Phone: +60 12-3168965
Email: rppa@utar.edu.my

