Martin, Xu Yan
HP: 98762165
Email: yanxu82@gmail.com
CAREER SUMMARY
Finance professional with 7 years’ experience in the banking and accounting industry. Highly skilled in
monitoring, analysis and numerical processing. Adept at problem solving, meets tight deadlines and
produces quality work under pressure. Known for ability to detect issues and immediate follow through
on details. Strong sense of responsibility and team work spirit. Easy-going and flexible in
variable/challenging environment. Functions well across diverse groups and cultures. Bilingual in
English and Chinese.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Apr 2016 – Current

Outpie Travelling Agency (Europe)
Set up the new company with partners, which has business in OTA (Online
Travel Agency) industry. As director, I am involved in daily operation, and in
charge of accounts and market development.

Apr 2015 – Mar 2016

Apex Fund Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd
Senior Hedge Fund Accountant
Monitored cash activity of the funds on a daily/monthly basis. Liaised with
prime brokers and investment managers to resolve cash breaks. Monitored
and reconciled positions against prime broker reports on a daily/monthly
basis. Processed corporate action transactions in the accounting system.
Independently priced the investment positions on a daily/monthly basis.
Prepared NAV reports for the fund on a monthly, weekly or daily basis.
Processed subscription and redemption activities in a timely manner. Coordinate documentations for capital activities to ensure AML compliance.
Prepared financial statements and liaise with auditors to ensure timely
completion of audits. Assisted in any ad-hoc tasks being assigned by
managers.

Apr 2014 – Apr 2015

Credit Suisse
Hedge Fund Accountant (Contract Position)
Processed clients’ books including general ledgers, cash positions,
distribution records, investment records and pricing records of investments.
Responsible for preparing the accounts and valuation of client funds. Ensure
reporting and client deadlines are met. Communicated with clients and other
service providers relating to daily operational issues. Worked in partnership
with various departments in other countries on banking & custodian services,
investor services etc. to ensure a smooth and efficient service. Worked on
general administration and ad-hoc duties.

Jun 2013 – Jan 2014

Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd.
Trust Accountant (Contract Position)
Posted accounting entry as per advice and statement. To review daily cash
balances against bank statement. Maintained documentation for purchase
and sale of securities. Maintained master files on trust accounting system.
Researches issues relating to securities held by funded trust accounts. Works
with internal auditors as needed. Responds to customer inquiries.

Oct 2010 – Feb 2013

Statestreet Bank and Trust Company
Senior Fund Accountant
Monitored portfolio of mutual funds which traded with equity, bonds and
derivatives. Checked cash balance, dividend income, interest income,
paydown, redemption and corporate actions on daily and monthly basis, and
solve any issue which related the items. Posted accounting entries and
prepared NAV (Net Assets Values), fund accounting output and various adhoc reports. Resolved issues with investment managers, brokers and internal
departments relating to trade settlement and reconciliation. Investigated and
answered query from clients and investment managers.
Achievements
 Successfully completed Transfer Management project.
 Voluntarily managed funds of other team in a Cross-training
programme
 Improved work procedures by reducing processing time.

Sep 2008 – Sep 2010

RSM Chio Lim LLP, Singapore
Audit Assistant
Handled full spectrum of audit work independently for SME, including audit
planning, field work, drafting of financial statements. Chaired audit meeting
with client management. Assisted senior staff in audit work of listed company.
Achievements
 Met the company billing target for assistant level
 Maintained good client relationship

EDUCATION
Current

ACCA (Part-time)
Completed 11 papers, expected completion of last 3 papers by 2017.

2004 - 2007

University of London Bachelor of Science with Honours
BSc Accounting and Finance
Core Modules included Principle of Accounting, Management Accounting,
Financial Reporting & Corporate Finance

LANGUAGES
Chinese (Native), English (Fluent)

