SHRIMALI, Shipra
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Evalueserve, India (Morgan Stanley)

Jul 2015-May 2016

Equity Research, Senior Research Associate

PERSONAL INFORMATION
Nationality: Indian
Email: SHIPRA001@e.ntu.edu.sg
Mobile: (+65) 8359 1704
LANGUAGES
English (Business)
Hindi (Native)
Gujarati (Basic)

• Earned revenue of US$5 million for Evalueserve while working with the sell-side Equity Research team of Morgan
Stanley on company and industry specific analysis.
• Covered large-cap companies having market capitalization of more than US$1.5 billion while tracking different sectors
- Retail, Telecom, Real Estate Development, Aviation and Auto.
• Assisted in handling client requests, which generated high revenues for Morgan Stanley.
• Worked on financial modeling and various relative valuations techniques and other multiples. Prepared earnings
note, sector and thematic reports, and assisted clients to generate industry and stock specific insights and carried
out comparative analysis of sectors through various metrics. Earned appreciation for the work performed.
• Collected financial data by using research tools and databases like Reuters, Bloomberg, etc. and was involved in
search and aggregation of daily news pertaining to companies under coverage. Streamlined many procedures for
collection and update of data.
• Prepared marketing presentations from time to time to help analyst get more business.

SUMMARY
The field of investment research and
management is what drives Shipra in
life. She has consistently
demonstrated a strong zeal to work in
the field of finding the best investment
opportunities and seeks to leverage
her experiences in an investment
research/management role.

Uninet Strategic Management Limited, India

She is an experienced finance
professional and qualified
Chartered Accountant from India
with 7+ years of working
knowledge in the fields of Equity
Research, Bank Audits,
preparation of accounting
statements and Indian
taxation. She has extensive exposure
in the analysis of financial and nonfinancial data. Due to her superior
performance, Shipra was assigned
the task of team management.

• Analysis of transactions with an approach to unearth fake customer accounts, money laundering, other suspicious
transactions and practices, and ensured compliance to regulatory requirements. Highlighted very critical
observations w.r.t. AML/Regulatory deviations to management, safeguarding the bank from financial and
reputational risks and earned appreciation from First Tier Audit Committee Meeting:
Detected forgery by 5 branch employees of transactions worth US$9 million and curtailed their actions.
Reported mal practices for catering to unreasonable demands of elite customers with a relationship value of
US$6 million. Generated revised manual to explicitly mention ways to meet demands of these customers.
Identified discrepancies in state level taxation policies. Devised and implemented new policies.
• Basis performance, post completion of first year, additional responsibility was assigned to lead own audit
assignments as well as independently review audit assignments of other teams. Mentored and supervi sed 10
colleagues. Also, approval was given to conduct discussions with Senior Management as an Audit lead, making
me the youngest to get such an opportunity and responsibility.
• Created process, risk, and control inputs for Thomson Reuter’s Accelus audit software which was successfully
launched at an all India level.
• Conducted group discussions and interviews during the hiring process, and was part of the disciplinary committee.

Shipra has been associated with two
NGOs, Adhiyagya and Children
International Organisation catering
to children empowerment.
EDUCATION
2016-2017 (expected)
Master of Business Administration
Nanyang Technological University
Nanyang Business School, Singapore
2007-2011
Chartered Accountancy
Institute Of Chartered Accountants Of
India, Delhi, India
2007-2010
Bachelor Of Commerce (Hons.)
Delhi University
Kamala Nehru College, Delhi, India

Dec 2014–Jul 2015

Equity Research, Associate Vice President
• High-booked return of more than US$50,000 from first time investments done on the basis of equity research of
Indian mid-cap companies through analysis of financial statements, industry trends and future prospects.
• Consistently encouraged and held fortnightly information sharing sessions on investments.
• Designed and maintained an MIS for investment transactions.

Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., India

Feb 2012–Nov 2014

Internal Auditor, Senior Manager

Vijay Kalra & Co., India

Sep 2007–Mar 2011

Article Trainee
• Earned revenue of US$ 40,000 from conducting concurrent and statutory audit assignments, and filing income tax
returns of clients. Responsible for finalizing financial accounts of clients, individuals & corporate.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Professional Qualifications/ Projects –
Strategy Project for Canon Inc. Inkjet Printers
Equity Valuation Report at Nanyang Business School
Chartered Accountant, Institute Of Chartered Accountants Of India
NSE Certified Market Professional – Level 1 Certification, India

2016-17
2016-17
2012
2012

Awards & Recognitions –
Participant, Ben Graham Stock Picking Competition, Ivey Business School
Co-Chair, Banking & Finance Club, Nanyang Business School
Nanyang Women in Business Scholarship, Nanyang Business School
Considered amongst the best performing employees in Internal Audit Department, Kotak
Stood Second in batch in B. Com (Hons.)
Blue Blazer Holder and Five-year Consecutive Scholar, Delhi Public School, R.K. Puram, India

2017
2016-17
2016
2012-2014
2010
2002-2007

Interests –
LinkedIn:
www.linkedin.com/in/shiprashrimali

Travelling, watching cinema, organising cultural events, tracking Indian stock market, community involvement through
pro-bono services for different NGOs in India – volunteer in Adhiyagya and sponsor in Children International Org.

