Lai Ying Tung (Phoebe)
Flat E, 19/F, Block 26, City One Shatin, Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong
Phone: (852) 6628 8763
E-mail: phoebe0523@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE
A goal-driven, highly organized and detailed-oriented professional with hands-on auditing experience seeking
opportunities to obtain a position in Accounting Department with a promising company to further my professional
and personal growth and to successfully contribute to an organization’s financial management operations and
goals.

EDUCATION
Aug 2013 – Sep 2015 Bachelor in Commerce- Major in Professional Accounting
Macquarie University in Australia
• GPA: 3.5/4
Oct 2012 - June 2013 Advanced Diploma of Commerce
Sydney Institute of Business and Technology
• GPA: 3.5/4
2007 - 2012
High School
Immaculate Heart of Mary College
Shatin, Hong Kong
• HK Advanced Level Examination (HK A-Level) - 2012
•

HK Certificate Education (HKCE) - 2010

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
July 2015 - Present

Certified Public Accountant (CPA Australia)
Associate Member
• Completed four papers (Ethics, Finacnial Reporting, Strategic Management
Accounting and Financial Risk Management) of the CPA Board Examination

EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE
Willis Cheng & Company CPA Limited
Jul 2015 - Present
Hong Kong, Audit Semi-Senior
Duties:
• Conduct corporate client bookkeeping and preparation of compiled financial statements.
• Handle the preparation, review, and assembly of corporate and personal tax return.
• Work independently or as part of team for auditing
• Perform stocktake at company’s year end date.
• Perform analytical procedures and substantive testings to detect unusual financial figures or even
relationships.
• Identify and communicate accounting and auditing matters to seniors and manager.
• Proactively interact with key client management to gather information, resolve audit-related
problems, and make recommendations for business and process improvements.
• Play a pivotal role in meeting a demanding deadline by completing assignment ahead of scheduled
and then assist co-workers in their task.
• Perform ad hoc assignments (eg. Handling employees’ return / arrangements for manager).
• Mentor junior associates on audit process and access their performance for engagement reviews.

Achievement:
• Involved in companies limited by guarantee and some relatively large trading companies and
therefore have more in-depth knowledge of accounting standards and tax treatment.
• Developed strong ability to meet challenging client requirements.
• Strong aptitude to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines with excellent time management
and organizational skills.
• Developed and maintained strong relationships with managers and teammates, creating a cohesive
and productive team within a deadline-driven environment.
Bupa Asia Ltd.
Hong Kong, Part-time Clerk Hong Kong

Dec 2013- Feb 2014

Duties:

• Provided clerical support to the department including copying, filing and data entry
• Sorted incoming mails and scan to make a record in the system
• Followed up customers’ requests with other departments
• Checked the details of cheques and invoices to make sure they are matched correspondingly
Achievement:
• Being familiar with business operations, workflow process and internal control
• Possessed strong commitment to team environment dynamics with the ability to contribute ideas
and follow leadership directives at appropriate times

Tai Luen Coffee Company Ltd.
May 2010-July 2010
Hong Kong, Internship in Customer Service
Duties:
• Handled incoming calls regarding orders and delivery from the customers
• Managed and processed all orders and sales contracts
• Communicated with the warehouse staff regarding packing with dispatch notes
• Handled the paid invoices from customers
Achievement:
• Cultivated long-term relationships with customers, maintaining ongoing communications and
facilitating solutions to address concerns.
• Accustomed to maintaining the integrity of financial data

SKILLS SUMMARY
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

Excellent written and verbal communication skills (Cantonese, English and Mandarin)
High-level computer skills including Excel, Word and PowerPoint
Knowledge on MYOB
Able to work independently in a teamwork environment
Highly organized and detail-oriented

Other Information
Date of Availability: Immediately available upon request
Expected salaries: HK$19,000 – HK$21,000

References
Pauline Lee
Internal auditor
Corporate Audit Department
Emerson Electric Asia-Pacific
Phone: (852) 2829 8735
Email: pauline.lee@emerson.com

Ko Yee Wing, Therese
Senior Financial Consultant
The Prudential Assurance Co., Ltd
Phone: (852) 94381438
Email: thereseyw.ko@gmail.com

