Khan Tahir
I am 24 years old, brought up in Hong Kong. I graduated from university of Bradford. BCS (Hon).
Exceptionally well organized, responsible, punctual and ambitious, I am able to work well
independently as well as cooperate effectively as a team player. I seek to learn and grow
professionally through the process of working and challenging myself.

Objective
I am looking for utilizing my knowledge and skill in order to gain more experience with professional
spirit. I would like to work in a very professional environment. I am enthusiastic about working
in the academic field.

Personal Info
(+852) 56898360
tahirhkg@gmail.com

Qualifications
University of Bradford (2015)

Bachelor of Accounting and Finance
Swedish Institute of Teleology (2009)

Diploma of Associate Engineer in Electronics Technology

Professional Skills

Higher Secondary Level (2007)

Board of intermediate & Secondary Education, Rawalpindi
Computer:
MS Windows, MS Office,
Internet Surfing, Email etc

Languages:
Fluent English
Native Urdu , Hindi & Punjabi
Basic Cantonese(Spoken only)

Typing Skills:
English 50 wpm
Interest
Reading Books
Watching documentaries
Net Surfing

Working Experience
Islamic Kasim Tuet Memorial College 2016 (Discipline Teacher) Current Job
Duties: Assist the discipline head in developing a school discipline policy and handle administrative
matters relating to student discipline work. Coordinate all functions organized by the school
discipline team and participate in other functional team meetings to ensure that the concerns.
Liaise with parents and students related to discipline issues.Monitor the use of resources
allocated to school discipline work.
Lavi’s international 2012- 2014 (Accounting Assistant)
Duties: Process and reconcile a wide variety of accounting documents. Analysis of sales and cash
flow budgeting. Survey operations to ascertain accounting needs and to recommend, develop
and maintain solutions to business and financial problems
Masha Trading Ltd 2009-2011 (Office Assistant)
Duties: Photocopy client’s documents and help preparing other documents and handling large
amounts of cash in between transactions. Other small duties were included in the job.

Personality:

˛

Capability to perform well in difficult environments and under pressure

˛

Dedicated, hardworking and able to work as a part of a team

˛

Self-motivated and good interpersonal and communication skills

˛

Capable of taking care of customer service activities and also front office management

