SMRITI GURUNG

Flat A, 13/F, SUI HING BUILDING,
Temple Street, Jordan Road, Kowloon HK.
(852) 94356548│smrigurung@gmail.com

PERSONAL SUMMARY
Highly-motivated and result oriented accountant with strong work ethic with over 3 years of experience in professional
accountancy field. An excellent team player who is also able to independently manage general ledgers, prepare
annual/monthly management reports, AR/AP, billings, tax computations, audit preparation, tax planning, bank
reconciliation, company secretarial services etc. An well experienced individual in preparing clear, comprehensive
financial statements for executive level management.
Other areas of expertise include but not limited to:
 Audit & Financial Statements
 Field audits
 Bank Reconciliations
 Accounts Receivable/Payable
 Payroll & MPF
 Reporting/Documentation





Taxation
Invoicing & Payment
Company Secretarial
Services

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Financial Accountant
Hmgc Corporate Practice Limited │ 2015–present
Manage full sets of accounts for over 100+ clients with various business natures. Handle company secretarial matters
and liaise with several government departments such as CR, IRD, HK Immigration, HK Courts and other governmental
licensing offices.
Duties & Responsibilities:
 Oversee, review and prepare full sets of accounts – manage bookkeeping, general ledgers, P&L/BS, AR/AP,
payrolls, checking/savings accounts, reconciliations.
 Conduct audits by ensuing the latest HKFRS regulations and ensure clients are compliant
 Prepare monthly/annual management reports, audit drafts and tax computations for profit tax returns filing.
 Work independently or closely with auditor, senior staffs and professional peers as well as supervise junior
staffs/accountant trainees in fast-changing environment.
 Handle clients’ tax matters, conduct updates on their tax statuses & liaise with tax department.
 Involved in offering tax, accountancy & company secretarial advice to clients.
 Implement company secretarial duties – update companies’ structures, banking, licensing, timely fulfil clients’
required obligations to CR/IRD and other government bodies.
Nepal Investment Bank Limited - Intern │ 2011
Provide full administrative support to the customer service departments and higher management. Prepare document
as per requested by the department head, Answering phones, sorting mail, helping new customers with the inquires
about account opening and other inquires, plan meeting schedules for seniors and notifying them & organize an
efficient filing system.
KEY SKILLS & COMPETENCIES
 Able to communicate with peers and senior management with excellence.
 Confident attitude with a proactive approach to work.
 Able to prioritize workload in accordance to deadline.
 High degree of accuracy, adaptability and takes initiative.
 Diligent, detail-oriented and possess business/financial acumen.
 Fluent English, Nepalese & Hindi.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
Student member of ACCA, 2015
Bachelor in commerce, University of Pune, April 2014 Graduate
TECHNICAL SKILLS
QuickBooks│ MS Office │ MS Excel
EXPECTED SALARY
Negotiable

