Ng Cheuk Him, Leo
Contact (Mobile): 9777 3778

(E-mail): leo.fdmt@gmail.com

Professional Qualification
Mar 2014

Certified Public Accountant, HKICPA

Jan 2017

Completed FRM Part 1, GARP

Academic Qualifications
June 2010

The University of Queensland, Australia
Master of Commerce (Professional Accounting) (CGA5.67/7.0)

June 2007

The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
Bachelor of Engineering (Electronic Engineering) (Second Class Honors, Division I)

Professional Employments
Oct 2014 –
Present

Ernst & Young - Manager (Financial Service – Wealth & Asset Management)
Specialize in asset management industry, including audit of private equity fund, hedge
funds, RQFII bond funds, ETFs and SFC licensed corporations (Type1,4 & 9).
 Experience in reviewing financial statement and disclosure prepared under HKFRS, IFRS
and USGAAP.
 Liaise specialists from both external and internal to draw conclusion of investment valuations,
including real estates, convertible bonds and private equites.
 Communicate primary and component teams through reporting instructions to complete the
group audit within agreed timeline.
 Monitor budget and resource to ensure project complete within agreed schedule.
 In-charge of group audit with multiple office by assigning different audit scope and audit work
base on high risk areas identified.
 Coach and instruct junior staff to prepare audit work on high risk areas (e.g. performance fee,
equalization, carried interest, valuation model and tax provision).
 Obtain understanding on key industry processes specific in investment decisions, NAV
approval, KYC, performance fee approval, financial statement approval.
 Maintain client relationships, negotiate fees and prepare proposal.
 Mentor to junior staff, provide career counselling and conduct internal training.
Major Clients:
Bank of China Group Investment (Private Investment company and management entity)
CPEChina Funds (Private equity funds)
Boyu Capital Funds (Private equity funds and SFC license Type 4,9)
Primaver Capital (Cayman) Funds (Private equity funds and management entity)
Argyle Street Management limited (SFC license Type 4,9)
UBS SDIC China Income Fund (SFC authorized Fund)
Value Partner’s ETFs (HKEX: 03095/ 83095; 3046; 03081/83081; 3084; 3041 & 3060)

Dec 2010 –

BDO Limited - Senior Audit Associate

Oct 2014

In-charged of annual audit, interim review, of both listed and private companies. Engaged in
Initial Public Offering of a hotel group and a toy manufacturer. Handled a large variety of
clients including securities brokerage firm, private equity fund, property developer, hotel
management, manufacturing and property management.
 Conducted test of control effectiveness after understanding the key operation process,
internal control procedures and accounting systems of clients.
 Assessed client’s compliance of financial resource rule, reviewed monthly financial return to
SFC and recalculated its required liquid capital.
 Identified risky areas, designed audit procedures and responses to audit issues.
 Reviewed draft financial statement, Business risk management questionnaire, Account
disclosure document and prepared compliance report, audit questionnaire for SFC
submission.
 Commented on the valuation model of private investments and its fair value basis, also
assessed the key assumption, data, and comparable multiple applied.
 Reported on audit findings and adjustments, discussed with clients with reference to
standards and regulations where necessary.
 Reviewed the NRV of land parcel and property under development.
 Performed cost analysis of development project by comparing budget and actual cost.
 Performed tax review for Hong Kong and the PRC entities.
 Reviewed HKEX application checklist based on listing rules; handled queries from sponsor
and HKEX.
 Analyzed cash flow forecast and prepared pro-forma financial information of substantial
acquisition / disposal. Proof-read accountant report’s figures before bulk printing.
Major Clients:
BTIG Hong Kong Limited (private security brokerage firm)
TR Capital advisor (private equity fund management)
Shanghai Zendai Property Limited (HKEX:755 - property developer)
Culture Landmark Investment Limited (HKEX:674 - media & property investment)
Quali-Smart Holdings Limited (HKEX:1348 - IPO client - manufacturing )
Link Holdings Limited (HKEX:8237 – IPO client hotel management)

Others skills
Computer

Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Photoshop ,C++ , MYOB, 金碟, Bloomberg terminal

Availability

One month notice

Expected salary HK$680,000 per annual, negotiable

