JACELYN TAN
+65 9823 7258 | jacelyntanlp@hotmail.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT
ACCA part-qualified fund accountant with close to three years of experience in the private equity fund administration sector.
Exposure to quarterly fund calculation with as many as 53 NAVs signed off each quarter. Looking forward to play a vital role in
financial decision-making and adding significant value to a business.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Cim Global Business Singapore Pte. Ltd., Fund Administration industry, Client Services Accountant
In charge of the administration of open ended and closed ended funds. These funds invest in Non-convertible Debentures traded
on stock exchange, Domestic and International Equity.
January 2016 – Present
Responsibilities:
 Perform administration for private equity funds and open ended funds in accordance to the services provided in the
administration agreements, which includes the review of monthly and quarterly management reporting, annual financial
statements and GST returns.
 Prepare and review Net Asset Value calculations, associated investors' reports, equalisation computations, drawdown
and distribution notices.
 Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders of the funds to ensure timely delivery of quarterly reports and annual
financial statements.
 Review legal documents of the funds to ensure ongoing compliance to the respective agreements.
 Execute trade instructions for investments and payments to respective vendors on a timely manner.
 Assist in the due diligence process and onboarding of investors into the fund.
 Exposure to corporate actions required by the funds and set up of fund structures in accordance to Singapore legislation.
 Training and provide guidance to junior members of the company.
Augentius (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Private Equity Fund Administration industry, Client Services Assistant Accountant
April 2014 – December 2015
Managing a team of 3 headcount and a total of 53 entities. The funds consist of 10 Limited Partnerships and 43 SPVs totalling
US$2billion.
Responsibilities:
 Perform the administration of and any services pursuant to administration agreements in respect of a portfolio of private
equity funds.
 Prepare and review Net Asset Value calculations, financial statements and associated reports with a view to operate
independently within deadlines.
 Prepare and review drawdown and distribution notices.
 Meet expectations of fund participants, adhering to deadlines.
 Maintain day-to-day relationships with investors, investment advisors/managers, banks, auditors, and other fund
participants.
 Assist in FATCA reporting, client and investors’ due diligence.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
ACCA Affiliate
Passed CFA Level I & II examinations

EDUCATION
LSBF, SAA, FTMS - Association of Charted Certified Accountant (ACCA)
 3rd placing in Singapore for P4 Advanced Financial Management
 8th placing for SAA-GE Top 30 Graduates for ACCA December 2013 Sitting
University of London - BSc Accounting and Finance
 First Class Honours graduate
 Awarded with SIM Special Recognition Award for excellent academic performance
 Scored above 70% for 6 out of 9 modules

PROFICIENCIES
Language skills: Proficient in English and Mandarin
IT skills: Microsoft Office (Advanced Excel), SunGard Investran, and Intralinks

