Personal Details
Name: Goh Ling Hong, Larry
Address: 425 Yishun Ave 11, 04-562. 760425
Contact number: +65 96219477
Email: larryglh@live.com

Summary
An innovative Certified Public Accountant with a flair for VBA programming. Well versed in both
Private Equity and Hedge Fund accounting. Capable of automating and improve processes through
MS Excel and Outlook automation.

Work Experience
Partners Group AG
2016 November – Current
 Fund Controller
 Review and sign off daily fund valuation / unit pricing for Defined Contributions products
 Review and sign off monthly and weekly open-ended and semi-liquid (combination of both
public and private investments) products
 Calculate and review fees related to the funds
 Preparation of regulatory reporting (Lux/Swiss/Aus)
 Coordination of annual external audits
 Manage and monitor external administrators and service providers
 Perform operation due diligence of Service providers
 Present operation flow in client in-house due diligence meetings
 Respond to internal and external client and auditor requests

Partners Group AG
2015 October – 2016 October
 Fund Accountant
 Handle net asset value finalization of global private markets investments funds
 Cash and portfolio reconciliation
 Portfolio valuation analysis
 Income and expense accruals
 Amortization of prepayments
 Hedge and stock distribution valuation
 Reconciliation of general ledger, sub-ledger and financial schedules
 Monitor and manage outstanding payables and receivables
 Review legal documents (including but not limited to agreements, constituent documents
and side letters) relating to assigned products
 Respond to internal and external client and auditor requests
 Oversee product compliance including proper documentation of processes and procedures

CITCO Fund Services.
2014 March – 2015 October
 Fund Accountant
 Prepare daily Financial Statements for various Hedge Funds.
 Calculate Net Asset Value
 Perform Profit and Loss analysis.
 Handle income and expense accruals.
 Amortization of prepayments
 Prepare Cash, Portfolio, Trades and Accrual Dividend Reconciliations.
 Maintain contacts with Brokers, Investment Managers, Banks and Client.
 Control payment transactions.
 Liaise with international clients and other offices to ensure client needs are met.
 Perform ad hoc bookkeeping and maintaining General Ledger.

Education and Qualifications
Certified Public Accountant (Australia)
Member of CPA Australia
University of Western Australia

2015

2010 – 2013

Bachelor of Commerce – Triple Major: Financial Accounting, Investment Finance and Corporate
Finance
 Successfully achieved a weighted average grade of Distinction.

Technology skills









Visual Basic for Application – Excel / Outlook
Expert MS Excel Knowledge
Basic T-SQL programming
Adobe Photoshop & Lightroom
SAP 21 Accounting software.
Oracle
AEXEO
Bloomberg Terminal

Language Proficiency


English and Mandarin Chinese.

Hobbies and Interests
 Coding
 Reading
 Cryptocurrencies

