Yew Kok Chye, Johnaton
Mobile: +65 98289929
Email: johnaton_yew@yahoo.com.sg

Summary
Senior fund accountant in Wells Fargo Global Fund Services. In depth knowledge on NAV and reporting
structures in the industry. Experienced with front to back valuation reporting for hedge funds and private
equity funds. Strong analytical skills and make accurate independent decisions. Current on financial
market news and global economy trends. Ready to take on new challenges.

Qualifications
Bsc Banking and Finance (Honours)

May 2011 – May 2013

University of London

Work Experience
Wells Fargo Global Fund Services (Asia) Pte Ltd

Jan 2015 – Present

Senior Fund Accountant






Provide daily and monthly P&L reporting to clients.
Review and provide training for offshore operations.
Actively streamline processes to create efficiency on procedures.
Month end tasks of independent valuation, exception reporting and Balance Sheet reconciliation.
Proven experience in varied hedge fund structures such as master – feeder structures; hybrid hedge
fund/PE funds, family offices, and multi-currency share classes.
 Hands on working experience on various performance fee/allocation methods including Equalisation,
Series and hurdles rates.
 Well versed with technical of financial products and their associated purpose (strategies) in the industry.

Citco Fund Services (Singapore) Pte. Ltd

Sept 2013 – Jan 2015

Fund Accountant
 Performed reconciliation for hedge funds with portfolio investments in major financial instruments
 Well verse in financial modeling on various fund structures.
 Prepare complete Net Asset Valuation package for notable hedge fund clients such as AMP Capital,
Rockhampton Management and Private Equity investments.
 Communicate daily with clients, custodians and prime brokers to resolve trading, operational and
accounting issues.

Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS)

Jun 2012 – Sep 2012

Tax Officer
 Provided compliance advisory service to taxpayer.
 Reviewed property valuations and tax computations accurately to address taxpayers’ queries.
 Evaluated taxpayer’s financial status and implemented appropriate enforcement actions by coordinating
with banks or employers.

Other Skills: Advent Geneva, SunGard Investran, Mantra HWM.

