JADE, KUOK PEI KEE
MOBILE: 8828 2509 | HOME: 6456 8431 | EMAIL: jade.kuok@gmail.com
Address: 15 Thomson Walk, Singapore 574462
Residency: Singapore PR from Birth / Malaysian

EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS
2012 - 2013 Master of Financial Analysis
University of New South Wales (UNSW)
 Developed specialist knowledge and skills in Investment Analysis, Funds
Management and Risk Analysis
 Distinctions in Risk & Insurance and International Corporate Governance 






Advanced Chinese Business Study Tour at Shanghai, China. 
Shanghai Jiao Tong University in collaboration with UNSW Confucius Institute. 
Gained a direct insight into China’s emerging business world through intensive
Business classes in Mandarin and site visits to leading multinationals such as Bao
Steel, United Parcel Service (UPS) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange. 

2009 - 2012 Bachelor of Business (Accounting/Banking and Finance)
Victoria University, Melbourne
 Achieved a Distinction average in all Banking & Finance-related subjects 

PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE
2015 – Present Fund Accountant | Citco Fund Services (Singapore)
 Preparation of Net Asset Valuation, financial statements and associated reports for
a portfolio of hedge/ private equity funds. 
 Reviewing of bank, securities and other reconciliations prepared by support teams 
 Maintaining day-to-day relationships with fund managers, investors, brokers
& auditors. 
 Assisted with on boarding of funds onto Citco’s new fund accounting system
and volunteered to be the team’s SME of the new automatic transaction
reconciliation program. 
 Successfully transitioned 6 fund valuations to the Manila office; designed
fund-specific procedures and delivered on-going training.
 Meeting expectations of fund participants and ensuring service delivery to clients
 Coached new hire and junior staff, as well as peers on specific project
implementations.
2013 - 2014 Trainee Accountant | F. H. LIM & CO. – Chartered Accountants & Business Advisor,
Sydney, Australia
 Prepared year-end financial accounts for a range of entities including small and
medium enterprises (SME), partnerships, trusts and superannuation funds. 

 Maintained and undertook an analytical review of clients’ financial data 

 Processed financial statements and completed Income Tax Returns. 

 Assisted in researching and producing tax planning & strategic accountancy advise 
 Involved in a range of compliance work including ASIC, BAS, IAS & PAYG statements 
Jade Kuok

Page 1 of 2

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
2015 Claritas® Investment Certificate / CFA Institute Investment FoundationsTM:
 Developed a clear understanding of the investment management industry & the
complex financial markets.
2013 - 2014 Seminars & Workshops attended:
 Investment & Portfolio Management; Estate Planning (Perpetual) 

 Self-Managed Superannuation Review (Black Ink Deloitte) 

 Essential Fringe Benefit Tax (FBT) Tips; 2014-2015 Federal Budget (Pitcher Partners) 
2012 Mentee | Victoria University-National Australian Bank (VU-NAB) Career Mentoring Program
 Mentored (one-on-one) by a Senior NAB staff member in the development
of vocational skills and awareness of industry and occupational
expectations. 
 Job-shadowed my mentor and joined him in his team meeting. 

 Conducted informational interviews with 3 of his colleagues working in
different operations (Risk & Capital, Treasury and Business Banking) 


2011 - 2012 Communications Officer | Accounting, Finance & Investment Student Society (AFISS)
Victoria University
 Designed and organised information for Newsletters regarding Industry
Developments, After-Event reports and interviews with speakers and
attendees. 

 Established and provided professional settings between members and
invited industry personnel. 
 Attended seminars held by ANZ, Ernst & Young and Deloitte, etc. 

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS
2011 - Present Financial Services Institute of Australasia (FINSIA)
Student Member
2012 - Present Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand (ICAA)
OneNetwork Student Member

LANGUAGES
Proficient in both written and spoken English and Mandarin

REFEREES
Available upon request

Jade Kuok

Page 2 of 2

