RESUME
Personal Details:
Name:

Chew Liying, Joanna

Contact number:

(+ 65) 9010 8862

Date of Birth:

23 November 1987

Nationality:

Singaporean

Identification number:

S8737968Z

Religion:

Roman Catholic

E-mail address:

joannaevangelinechew@gmail.com

Proficiency in languages:

Fluent and literate in English and Mandarin.

Professional Qualification:

Advocate and Solicitor in the Republic of Singapore since 14 March 2012

Education:
1.

National University of Singapore (Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy) – Master in Public Policy (2011)

2.

National University of Singapore (Faculty of Law) – Bachelor of Laws (Second Class Upper) (2011)

3.

Yishun Junior College – GCE ‘A’ Levels

4.

CHIJ Toa Payoh Secondary School – GCE ‘O’ Levels

Work Experience:
Monetary Authority of Singapore (September 2016 to Present)
Providing legal advice, drafting legislation and other regulatory instruments and developing the legal framework in
respect of MAS’ supervisory and regulatory functions relating to banking, capital markets, insurance and financial
technology issues as well as advising on commercial matters.
Premier Law LLC (January 2011 to August 2016)
Litigation
1.

Acted for Mr Oei Hong Leong in a dispute with Goldman Sachs International (Oei Hong Leong v Goldman Sachs
International [2014] 3 SLR 1217) in respect of certain ISDA transactions. The Court had to decide which of 2
competing dispute resolution clauses (one favouring arbitration and the other favouring the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the English courts) contained in separate agreements applied.

2.

Acted for a family member of a convicted ex-employee of a local Bank in a claim by the Bank for monies it had
paid to its customers as a result of the ex-employee’s fraud. Successfully set aside the worldwide Mareva
Injunction ordered against our client and negotiated a settlement of the dispute.

3.

Acting for an ex-employee of a local Bank in a claim by the Bank for monies it paid to a customer, allegedly as a
result of unauthorised transactions entered into by the ex-employee.

4.

Acted for a delisted company in the business of distribution of food products in a claim for negligence against its
ex-directors and a local top audit firm. We managed to obtain judgment against 2 ex-directors and negotiated a
settlement with the other defendants.

5.

Acted for a top local company in the food and beverage business and its founder in respect of defamatory remarks
published by a public relations firm. We successfully negotiated for a settlement.

6.

Acted against a leading local specialist clinic for 2 patients who suffered blurred vision after undergoing lasik
surgery. We successfully negotiated a settlement for both patients.

Advisory
7.

Advised a beneficial owner of shares of a Seychelles company on commencing an action in Singapore for a claim
of conspiracy to defraud him of his investment in an Indonesian company which owed a debt of over US$10 million
to the Seychelles company. The debt was the sole asset of the Seychelles company.

8.

Advised 2 local family owned companies which were in the hotel management and property business on the
conduct of meetings given the allegations of minority oppression by the majority shareholders of each company.

Arbitration
9.

Assisted in defending a company in respect of a dispute relating to an agreement to fund 2 Indonesian companies
which had been incorporated to build and operate power stations.

Special Awards:
1.

Certificate in Translation Skills by Singapore Chinese Chamber Institute of Business (2005)

2.

CCA Distinction Award for Invaluable service to Choir by Yishun Junior College (2005)

3.

Best Performance Award in General Paper by Yishun Junior College (2005)

I have also represented Yishun Junior College in the Singapore Youth Festival 2005 Central Judging of Choirs and also
in the National Economics and Fund Management Quiz organized by NUS (2005).
Scholarships:
1.
Note:

KPMG Undergraduate Scholarship

2.

NTU Nanyang Scholarship

These two scholarships were offered but were not accepted.

Extracurricular Activities:
University:

Choir (Member)

Junior College:

Choir (Vice-President)

Secondary school:

Chinese Literary Drama and Debate Society (President)

Hobbies:
I love music and in my free time, I like to catch up with friends by meeting up and having chats or going for karaoke. I
also enjoy cycling, badminton and watching comedies.
Job Experiences:
Year

Employer

Position

September 2016 to Present

Monetary Authority of Singapore

Senior Legal Counsel

March 2012 to August 2016

Premier Law LLC

Associate

Jan 2011 to July 2011

Premier Law LLC

Pupil

References will be provided upon request

