Chi Wei CHIN
Curriculum Vitae
Personal Details:
Name: Chi Wei Chin
Phone: +65 8181 0328
Email: zihui.c@gmail.com
Nationality: Malaysian (Singapore Permanent Resident)
Professional Experience:
Company:
Period:
Position:
Accomplishments:

CARAT T (Malaysia)
May 14 – August
CEO
• Provide initial concept and started a retail healthcare
business in Kuala Lumpur.
• Oversaw company’s products strategy and development.
• Implemented projects to improve effectiveness and
operational efficiencies.
• Lead the organization, involved in business development
activities and put in place processes to prepare for the
company's expansion plans.
• Negotiated a successful exit with a local operator.

Company:
Period:
Position:
Accomplishments:

Union Bancaire Privee SA (Singapore)
Jul 12 – May 14
Client Advisor
• Managed and developed a portfolio of UHNW and HNW
individuals in Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong and China.
• Provided prudent financial advisory and investment solutions
to meet client’s financial planning needs and requirements.
• Experienced in private banking products: Bonds, Equities,
Funds, structured notes, Insurance, ULI and options.
• Worked closely with external Asset Manager based in
Switzerland and International Business Development Manager
in UBP to drive referral opportunities with HNW clients.
• Ensured proper advisory procedures and documentation
adhering to compliance practices.

Company:
Period
Position:
Accomplishments:

Heritage Wealth Management (Singapore)
Oct 10 – Jun 12
Associate
• Started up and built the local presence of Heritage Wealth
Management (Singapore) in Malaysia.
• Acquired and grow the SEA high net worth individual
customer base through effective relationship management as
well as taking care of the existing port.
• Provided advice and solutions to clients in Wealth
accumulation, trust and estate planning, including helping
clients in the creation of offshore companies.
• Achieved sales targets to grow customer base, assets, and
account profitability.

Company:
Period:
Position:
Accomplishments:

Allen & Overy (London, UK)
Aug 07 – Nov 07
Intern
• Setting up tax efficient vehicles for properties overseas.
• Reviewed correspondence pertaining to a dispute between
two mediums sized technology firms.
• Attended advocacy and client interviewing courses in BPP
Law School (London)
• Worked with multinational clients in the UK and developed
good negotiation skills.

Company:
Period:
Position:
Accomplishments:

ING Group (ING Insurance BHD, Malaysia)
May 05 – Jun 07
Business Sales Manager
• Specialized in Universal Life Insurance with particular
emphasis on products specific to High Net-worth to Ultra High
Net-worth market.
• Secured one of the largest single premiums of universal life
cases in 2005.
• Million Dollar Round Table (MDRT), 2 years in a row (20052007) for achieving performance sales targets; MDRT
membership is recognized internationally as the standard of
sales excellence in the life insurance and financial services
business. Based on commission/fee method, a minimum of
USD90,000 of eligible commissions paid are required.
• Star of the Year and Current Year New Recruit (2005)
• Recognized as one of the youngest and most successful
financial advisors at the age of 21.

Education:
2008 – 2009
2004 – 2007

Legal Practice Course (LPC) –BPP Law School (London,
UK)
LL.B (Hons) Bachelor of Laws – University Of Reading (UK)

Professional Certificates:
• Rules and Regulations for Fund Management (CMFAS Module 3 – Singapore
2012)
• Legislations, Regulations & Industry Codes of Practice (CACS Paper 1 – Singapore
2013)
• Industry & Product Knowledge (CACS Paper 2 – Singapore 2013)
• Registered Financial Planner (RFP), Malaysian Institute Of Insurance – Malaysia
2005
Language Skills:
• Fluent in English, Mandarin, Cantonese and Malay
• Working knowledge of French
Interests:
• History & contemporary Arts, golf and boxing.

