Iris Cheuk
Telephone: (852) 90782989 | Email: irizcheuk@gmail.com

Objective




To associate with international firm where I can utilise my detail oriented and research skills to
assist the firm to align with current regulations of AML/KYC and gain further experience, while
enhancing the company’s productivity and reputation.
To obtain a challenging leadership or team player position with a growing company that applies
my creative problem solving and lean management skills in order to achieve optimum utilisation
of its resources and thus maximum profits.
To continue my career with an organization within AML/KYC that will use my management,
supervision and administrative skills to benefit mutual growth and success.

Experience
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT (TO SENIOR EXECUTIVE)
IMPERIAL PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED

2016 FEB – PRESENT

Imperial Pacific International Holdings Limited is a casino and hotel developer. It is a listed company in Hong Kong stock
exchange (Stock code: 1076). Currently, Imperial Pacific is building the $US7.1 billion Casino hotel and resort in Saipan, which is
expected to be finished in 2018 and the first phase of the resort and casino will be finished by the end of 2016.

Stay up-to-date with regulations
 Comprehend, monitor and update new casino, and tax regulations and report to management
office
 Compose internal reports of news/notices/warnings from the U.S. officials or from the region
where the company is investing
 Comprehend and interpret the lobbying and anti-bribing regulations/criteria in the U.S. to avoid
potential bribing
Formulate internal policies
 Assist in drafting internal AML/ABC regulations based on lobbying and anti-bribing
regulations/criteria in the U.S. and report to the senior management
 Coordinate with company lawyers regarding to regulation related issues and assist in drafting
internal regulations
Due Diligence
 Conduct background check on potential investors and companies
Communication
 Provide suggestions and advice to key decision makers’ inquiries related to gifts, other Antibribing matters
 Inform key decision makers of any news/notices/warnings from the U.S. officials or from the
region
Project management
 Assist and give suggestions on RFP (Request for Proposal)
 Update progress of RFPs
Research and Analysis
 Research and source for potential investment opportunities
 Compose critical analytical reports with economic data and supports on potential investment
opportunities
 Offers well-thought-out solutions based on researches

FOUNDER
CHINESE LANGUAGE LEARNING CENTRE

2013 JAN – 2015 OCT

Management
 Oversaw the general management, administration, client relations management and human
resources
 Supervised and coordinated activities of learning Centre and ran the day-to-day administration
operations of the office.
 Determined and established internal policies
Marketing and Public Relations
 Create company website contents and updated company website
 Created and designed marketing materials
Client Relations
 Built up a clientele of over 100 pupils in 2 years, up to and including CEO-level professionals
 Built and maintained solid and constructive relationships with different international and local
companies.
 Established and maintained excellent, trusted work business relationships with many large
international corporate clients
Human Recourses
 Drafted and finalised employment contracts, agreements with customers, clients and
organisations
Instruction
 Provided instruction to individuals or small groups of non-Chinese speaking students from
different fields, including business, real estate, education, marketing, banking, fashion, beauty etc.

Education
2013 Master in English Language Arts
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
2012 BA (Hons) in English for International Corporate Communication
University of Central Lancashire

Page 2

