Alex Ashby ACIS

Flat 17 Repton House,
London E4 9AE
Mobile: 07981282322
Awashby1@hotmail.co.uk

Work Experience
May
Capita Company Secretarial Services, London
2015 to
Assistant Consultant
Present
• Board support including preparing Board papers, attending Board meeting,
Committee meetings and AGMs to take minutes and provide corporate
governance updates
• Provide Company secretarial services to external client companies (Listed,
Private and Overseas Companies) and to Capita Group Companies.
• Assist with the production of the Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice of

Annual General Meeting. Help with organisation of Annual General Meetings.
•
•
•
•

Day to day responsibilities include statutory and regulatory compliance and
supporting corporate transactions and board processes
Compliance tasks include RNS announcements, Companies House filings and
incorporations and maintaining registers
Assist in business development opportunities
Develop technical knowledge and practical capabilities through attendance at
internal and external events including presenting technical updates.

Sep
2013 to
April
2015

Law Debenture Corporation plc, London
Junior Executive, LawDeb Pension Trustees
• Work with a number of Pension schemes across various sectors, including
consumer products, logistics, financial, media and telecommunications;
• Trustee Effectiveness Projects. Worked on a variety of projecting designing
online tools, providing analysis, written and presented reports as well as
facilitating a discussions of the results.
• Attend regular up to date external training for my department from lawyers,
auditors, asset managers and actuaries. Completed Trustee Toolkit training.
• Cover scheme secretary. Prepare meeting packs for trustee board meetings.
• Monitor industry developments, case law and legislation developments and
government policy changes. Provide updates to the team on legislation.
• Prepare proposal documents and presentations for board evaluation and
trustee effectiveness projects
• Responsible for writing and delivering e-marketing newsletter for client

March
2011 to
April
2015

Analyst, Law Debenture Governance Services
• Worked on a variety of Board evaluation projects including for a number of
FTSE 250 companies. Involves designing survey questions, co-ordinating with
board members and company secretary, analysing results and interviews and
producing final reports to board members.
• Monitored industry and competitor activity, corporate governance updates
and
government policy changes to evaluate the impact on clients and identify
opportunities and risks
• Started and research projects into governance within FTSE 350 firms
• Created online tool for measuring and benchmarking risk culture

Oct
2010 to
March
2011

Legal Services Commission, London
Caseworker in the Land Charges Department - Responsible for resolving written
complaints and enquiries from recipients of Legal Aid with charges placed on their
property. Liaised with conveyancing solicitors prior to transfers of proprietorship or
equity.

March
to Sep
2009

ACAS (Advisory, Arbitration and Conciliatory Service), London
Admin for Conciliation team – Included allocating of claimant cases, data inputting via
paradox, handled incoming and outgoing correspondence. Liaised closely with
employment tribunals, answered queries from both parties involved in the cases and
managed the transfer of cases between conciliators.

Nov 08
to Feb
09

Legal Services Commission, London
Database Admin - Involved using a variety of systems including Groupwise, Excel,
Access and Oracle. Liaised with solicitor’s to help them resolve any problems relating
to submissions.

Sep 08

AMR International Consultants, London
Freelance Consultant – Worked on a project providing commercial due diligence.

Aug 07
to
Feb 08

Moore Blatch Solicitors, Southampton
Admin Assistant

Education
2016

ACIS – Achieved Chartered Status

2012
to2015

ICSA CSQS – All modules completed all first time passes including 1 distinction and 1
Merit. All completed through self-study.

2009
to2010

Msc Public Policy at University College London (UCL).
Modules Taken: Research Methods, Law and Regulation, Public Management Theories,
Parties+ Parliament and Policy Making, Theories and Actors of the Policy Process, Public
Policy Economic Analysis.

2004
2007

to BSc (Hons) 2.1 degree in Economics, Politics and International Studies at the

1997
2004

to Bishop Wordworth’s School, Salisbury, Wiltshire

University of Warwick
3rd year: Making of Economic Policy, The British Economy in the 20th Century, Governing
Britain, and International Economic Systems.
2nd year: Theories of International Relations, Politics of Contemporary China, Economics
2, Economic Statistics and Econometrics.
1st year: Economics 1, Learning French (Lower Intermediate), World Politics, Introduction
to Politics, Mathematical and Statistical Techniques

•
•
•

4 GCE A-Levels: Economics (A), History (A), Politics (A), Mathematics (C)
1 GCE General Studies (A)
9 GCSEs: 3 (A*), 5 (A) & 1(B)

IT Skills and languages

Extra-curricular activities

• Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint
• Blueprint, Boardpad, Board IQ, RNS
• French (lower intermediate)
• Chinese (beginner)
• Foreign languages – Currently learning

Mandarin Lower Intermediate level
• Travelling – Progressed half way to joining
the Traveller's Century Club
• Sports - Running, Football, Squash. Keen
watcher of a variety of sports.
Personal Details

• British passport holder
• Clean UK driving licence

