CURRICULUM VITAE
Name

:

Tan Wei Liang

FIN No.

:

S8859273E

Contact no.

:

+6014 9310531 /
+65 9186 7567

E-mail address

:

wliang1988@gmail.com

OVERVIEW
I am a person with a high sense of responsibility who strived to complete tasks that were
assigned to me within the given deadline. I am motivated by new challenges and opportunities
to learn new things within or exceed my scope of work. I pride myself to be someone who
possesses positive attitude, good time management and strong interpersonal skill. I am
receptive to constructive criticisms that will help me to improve constantly.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
YM Entrego Sdn. Bhd. (Project base)
Corporate Advisors
March 2017 – October 2017
Job Specification
 Assisting client to plan for corporate structure that fits into their group business,
including working with the tax agent to ensure best corporate structure.
 Application of various business licenses in the jurisdiction where the client operates.
 Preparation of formal documentation, such as letter, notices, internal policies, etc.
 Acting as corporate liaison officer of the client to liaise with legal parties such as lawyer
to review and comment on the drafts including but not limited to contract, agreement,
memorandum of understanding, corporate notices, etc.
 Conduct due diligence for the client in take-over or merger & acquisition exercises.
 Study and review the company’s operation processes, designing and implementing
suitable corporate internal processes in complying with the good corporate governance
standard and strong internal control in meeting regulatory requirements.
 Carry out ad-hoc assignments as and when assigned.

Page 1 of 5
Updated Oct 2017

TMF Singapore H Pte. Ltd.
Corporate Secretarial Senior Executive
March 2014 – March 2017
Job Specification
 Assisting a portfolio of multi-national companies in their corporate secretarial matters
which ranging from incorporation to cessation of a business and company in Singapore,
including but not limited to the drafting of board/shareholders resolutions, filing of returns
with ACRA and preparation of any other relevant documents.
 Co-ordinating, attending to directors’/shareholders’ meetings and taking minutes of the
said meetings.
 Assisting client in setting up of offshore company in other jurisdiction, i.e. British Virgin
Islands, and taking their instructions to prepare for various board’s/shareholders’
resolutions as and when require.
 Preparation of relevant documentations and liaising with government bodies such as
MOM, IRAS, ICA in relation to the client’s employment and income tax matters, as well
as application of entry visa and permanent resident of Singapore.
 Providing general advises to clients and ensure clients comply with relevant statutory
and regulatory requirements.
 Handling of administrative works for portfolios under my care, including issuance of
invoices, monitoring of aging, etc.
 Assisting clients to arrange documents for notarisation, authentication, legalisation with
various professional parties including but not limited to foreign embassies in Singapore
for the purposes of their oversea official use.
 Perform due diligence check to ensure clients are complied with AML/CFT as required
by the ACRA.
 Supervising junior team members to perform their assigned tasks including provision of
training and development, mentoring, motivation, etc.
 Carry out ad-hoc assignments as and when assigned.

RHT Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd.
Corporate Secretarial Senior
July 2011 – March 2014
Job Scope:
 Assisting clients in their corporate secretarial matters which ranging from incorporation
to cessation of a business and company in Singapore, including but not limited to the
drafting of board/shareholders resolutions, filing of returns with ACRA and preparation of
any other relevant documents.
 Assisting manager and associate directors in handling listed companies, including
drafting of board/shareholders resolutions, SGX announcements for listed companies,
arranging for directors’/shareholders’ meeting, preparation of meeting papers and
annual reports, etc.
 Co-ordinating, attending to directors’/shareholders’ meetings and taking minutes of the
said meetings.
 Assisting client in setting up of offshore company in other jurisdiction, i.e. British Virgin
Islands, and taking their instructions to prepare for various board’s/shareholders’
resolutions as and when require.
 Preparation of relevant documentations and liaising with government bodies such as
MOM, IRAS, ICA in relation to the client’s employment and income tax matters, as well
as application of entry visa and permanent resident of Singapore.
 Providing general advises to clients and ensure clients comply with relevant statutory
and regulatory requirements.

Page 2 of 5
Updated Oct 2017

 Assisting my company in setting up in-house Standard Operating Procedures to
promote work quality by achieving effectiveness and efficiency of the firm.
 Handling of administrative works for portfolios under my care, including issuance of
invoices, monitoring of aging, etc.
 Carry out ad-hoc assignments as and when assigned.

KW Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd.
Corporate Secretarial Executive
March 2011 - July 2011
Job Scope:
 Please refer to job specification stated in RHT Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd.
The reason for leaving this company was mainly due to the disagreements arisen amongst the
partners of the company (KW Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd.) which resulting in the movement
of whole corporate secretarial department to a new company namely, RHT Corporate Advisory
Pte. Ltd.

GBIZONE Sdn. Bhd. (f.k.a Phuteen Interactive) (Part-time)
Marketing Executive
November 2009 - March 2011
Job Scope:
 Assisting in promoting of various company’s products such as e-commerce services
platform, webpage design, hosting, advertisement and event marketing.
 assisting in coordination of work in relation to the event management and temporary
staffs recruitment on an ad-hoc basis.
 Closing a deal with potential clients by helping them to achieve their marketing
objectives and efforts.
 Handling company’s accounting and other administrative works such as issuance of
invoices, collection of debts, liaising with bankers and etc.
 Carry out ad-hoc assignments as and when assigned.

Kiat and Associates
Audit Clerk (Internship)
February 2009 - May 2009
Job Scope:
 Assisting in audit works by reviewing of the company financial records, statutory
records, etc.
 Assisting in filing of income tax return with inland revenue authority

Resort World Berhad
Trainee Croupier (temporary)
December 2005 - March 2006
Specialization:
 Hosting of casino table games for Pontoon (a.k.a Blackjack) and Casino War (one
card game).

Page 3 of 5
Updated Oct 2017

EDUCATION & ACHIEVEMENTS
 MAICSA qualifications (currently pursuing)
Institution: The Malaysia Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators
*Left with last two subjects: (1) Corporate Administration and (2) Corporate Financial
Management
 Bachelor of Arts with Honours in Commerce (Second Upper Class)
Institution: Liverpool John Moores University, United Kingdom
Year: 2010
 Advanced Diploma in Business Management (Graduated with Merit)
Institution: Tunku Abdul Rahman College Main Campus
Year: 2008-2010
 Diploma in Business Administration (Graduated with Merit)
Institution: Tunku Abdul Rahman College Penang Branch
Year: 2006-2008
 Outstanding Award in Business Subject
School: Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Mergong
Year: 2006

SKILLS
Computer skills:
 Proficient in ViewPoint
 Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Words, Powerpoint, Outlook and etc.
 Proficient in accounting system such as Locus and Lexis Affinity.
Language skills:
 Written - Conversant in English, Chinese and Malay.
 Spoken - Conversant in English, Chinese, Malay, Cantonese and Hokkien.
Personal traits:
 Ability to work under pressure with minimum supervision.
 Good time management and able to complete allocated tasks within tight deadline.
 Adaptable to fast pace working environment and cross department reporting.
 Good team player in achieving synergy of work.
 Positive working attitude with strong egoism in learning of new things.
 Responsible and accountable to all jobs under my care.
 Constantly seeking ways to assist clients in resolving their problems, meeting and
exceeding the clients’ expectations.

Page 4 of 5
Updated Oct 2017

OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION
Exposures to listed companies in corporate secretarial industry
Assisting corporate lawyers in various corporate actions such as initial public offering,
reversed take-over, delisting and additional listing application.
Exposures to multi-national companies
Example of some of my prominent MNC clients which I have handled in the past are as follow:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.

LinkedIn Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
McGraw-Hill Group
Standard & Poor LLC
Toshiba Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Gap International, Inc

Years of experience in Corporate Secretarial Industry
Approximately 6 years of industry experience since March 2011.
Nationality
Malaysian / Singapore PR
Age
29
Earliest availability
November 2017

EXPECTED SALARY
Last drawn salary

-

S$5,000 (in Singapore)

Expected salary

-

S$5,000

REFERENCES
Mr Peck Jen Jen, Manager, TMF Singapore H Pte. Ltd.
Ms Jaslin Ang, Corporate Secretarial, GSM Law LLP
P/S. Contact details and further evidence on achievement are available upon request.

Page 5 of 5
Updated Oct 2017

