Savita Sharma
•

Cellular Number: (+65) 83832851

• Email Address: savita_86@hotmail.com

PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE
March 2010 – Present

KPMG (Singapore)
Asst Manager (Forensic Advisory)
■

Manage a team of transaction monitoring analysts. Performed Quality

Assurance Review to ensure high quality standard review of transactions.
Perform AML controls and ongoing review of transactions flagged by the

monitoring system; investigate and close out the alerts thoroughly in a timely
manner, and ensuring significant issues identified are fully investigated and
promptly escalated where necessary.
■

Managed compliance team of an international private bank to perform quality

check on annual and trigger event account reviews of customer due diligence
files. Risk assessment of existing customers via risk assessment matrix and
detecting gaps in the CDD files. Ensured remediation and transaction
monitoring of selected red flags.
■

Managed engagement in Wholesale Banking Division of a US bank for the
quality review and remediation of KYC. Achieved full compliance status,

meeting the bank’s new AML global policy standard. Client types varied from
fund, foreign correspondent bank to corporate. Conducted internal training on
compliance to ensure staff development and knowledge management.
■

Manage engagement in a private bank, scope included performing adverse
news screening on highlighted accounts, including the discounting of false
positives and escalation of true matches to the bank’s AML compliance

department. This was pursuant to the designation of tax crimes as predicate
money laundering offences in Singapore.
■

Reviewed and assessed the impact of FATCA on asset management by
conducting FATCA entity impact assessment that analyses and proposes the
likely FATCA entity classification and the obligations and impact under the
various respective classifications.

■

Managed an engagement in global bank in an investigation into allegations of
irregular SIBOR and SOR rate setting activities which involved reviewing and
analyzing communications evidence and offshore/onshore irregular trading
activities.

■

Forensic review into financial affairs of MNC with operations in Australia, New

Zealand, Hong Kong, China and Singapore, and is also part of an international
group located in the UK, Europe, Middle East and South Africa. The

investigation involved examining a wide number of significant transactions.
■

Performed statutory financial statement audit for listed companies.

Responsibilities as an audit engagement member include review of internal

control, client interview and identification of key areas of improvements, perusal
of accounting records and assistance in preparation of financial statements.
■

Awarded Service Excellence Awards by KPMG for outstanding performance

EDUCATION
Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist (ACAMS)
 Expected Completion Date : Dec 2016
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)
 Association of Chartered Certified Accountants graduate

Jun 07 – Dec 09

Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA)
 Chartered

Accountant graduate

Jun 07 – Dec 09

University of London
 MSc in Professional Accountancy
 Expected Completion Date: Jun 2017
Oxford Brookes University
 BSc (Hons)


in Applied Accounting
Upper Second Class graduate

Jun 07 – Dec 09

IT/IS SKILLS
 Microsoft Office Suites (Access, Excel, Frontpage, Powerpoint and Words)
 CAAT softwares (Computer-Assisted Audit Technique softwares, e.g IDEA, Monetary Unit Sampling, etc
 ACCPAC
 Others: SPSS, MSOFT, QUICKBOOK
 e-Audit, e discovery, Sampling / fraud detection softwares
 Lexis Nexis, World Check, Cosima, Factiva

PROFESIONAL BODY MEMBERSHIP
 Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)
 Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA)
 Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist (ACAMS)

REREFENCES
 Available upon request
EXPECTED SALARY
 Market Rate/ per company policy (negotiable)

