Komersiell projektledare, Reference 23530
Apply here
Assignment Description and Requirements
Commercial Project Manager t

Be part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is high on the agenda. By making sustainable energy solutions more cost effective, developing new technologies for the future's smart industry and electrifying passenger and freight transport, we make reality of our vision of a sustainable world.

Do you have a strong passion to grow within the commercial area? Are you looking for a fun job that offers you variation? – here is the job for you! We are currently searching for a new colleague to join our committed project team.

The challenge
• You will be the commercial contact towards customers, suppliers, partners and other internal and external stakeholders such as banks, insurance companies, staff functions as well towards other companies.
• You will have responsibility of the financial results within the project, such as managing the projects risks and opportunities in collaboration with the technical project manager.
• You will be responsible to fulfill the commercial contract requirements such as “terms and conditions”, invoicing, payments, financial warranties, taxes, insurances, hedging, claim management as well as budgeting, follow-ups and reporting.

Who are you?
• You have an academic degree, preferably within business/economy.
• We believe that you are commercially experienced, can handle commercial issues in a professional manner and that you have at least 5 years of experience from a similar role.
• You understand the value of satisfying your customer and have experience cooperating with customers in different cultures.
• You are outgoing, ambitious and have a good ability to work in a team. You take responsibility, are detailed and make sure to deliver on time and with the right quality.
• You have experience working in Excel. Knowledge in SAP is an advantage.
You can communicate in English, both in speech and in writing. Other languages are meritorious.
Siemens Energy AB offer products and solutions for generating sustainable and resource efficient electricity. Our customers include utilities, independent power producers and companies in the oil and gas industry.


Turn challenges into opportunities
Our energy system is undergoing rapid changes and the world's energy use is steadily increasing.

These challenges require innovative solutions and products that combine both physical and digital technology, which cover the entire energy value chain. Siemens energy portfolio extends from the latest in compressors, turbines and generators to virtual power plants, smart network management and innovative storage solutions. Everything is backed by a comprehensive service offering range and genuine commitment to meeting our customers' individual needs


EXPERIENCE
5-8 years

Other relevant information
Period
2021-07-01 to 2022-06-30
Placering: Finspång
Timpris flatrate (inkl. allt på plats): ca 650-700

Are you available and the assignment seems interesting, click the "Apply now". Before you respond to an assignment, make sure that your skills profile (CV) is updated, correct and clearly describing your suitability for the job.
