Engineering Project Lead, Drug Substance, Reference 22812
Apply here
Assignment Description and Requirements
Drug Substance - Tech Transfer Lead

Essential Job Functions:

- Work with Drug Substance/Drug Product Technical Stewards and SMEs from R&D, Quality, Validation with customer and external partner sites to support technology transfer of drug substance processes (upstream and downstream) to external manufacturing sites.
- Support drafting, review and approval of tech transfer and manufacturing documentation such as risk assessments, gap analyses, batch records, standard operating procedures and sample plans.
- Serve as Manufacturing /Technical point of contact on specific workstreams/sub-projects, attending teleconferences with CMOS and internal teams, following up with stakeholders on action items etc.
- Update project dashboards/presentations with project status to provide timely communication of status to internal team. Proactively identify risks, and develop / implement work plans to manage / mitigate / communicate risk to senior technical transfer leads.
- Work with CMOs to compile and trend DS/DP manufacturing process data during manufacturing campaigns.
- Note: The team will be based in the US East Coast, CMOs receiving technology transfers are located in EU, and Far East. Will require ability to work flexible hours to support multiple global time zones.

Minimum Requirements:

Education/Experience
Degree in an engineering or scientific discipline with experience in biopharmaceutical Manufacturing Science& Technology/ Manufacturing/ Process Engineering/ Quality. Prior experience in Drug Substance tech transfers preferred.

B.S with 10+ years of experience
M.S. with 6+ years of experience
PhD with 4+ years of experience

Knowledge/Skills
Strong knowledge of biologics manufacturing operations and equipment, with prior experience in Manufacturing, Technical Operations, MFG Science and Technology, or Quality.
Ability to work on multiple projects and meet deadlines as needed; emphasis on results-oriented, strong planning and execution skills
Strong communication skills, with the ability to collaborate in cross functional teams across multiple organizations
Ability to work in a complex, dynamic, global environment

English only is sufficient language skill for this assignment
Other relevant information
The assignment is performed remotely.
If you find the above description suitable for your competence profile, don't hesitate to send your application ASAP together with your updated AFRY CV in English and an indication of your expected fee.

Are you available and the assignment seems interesting, click the "Apply now". Before you respond to an assignment, make sure that your skills profile (CV) is updated, correct and clearly describing your suitability for the job.
