SUMMARY
Extensive experiences in Order Management & Account Analyst. Ability to formulate action plans for problem
solving. Outstanding relationship building skills and driven to succeed. Proficient multi-tasker and time
manager. Jovial, infectious personality and a natural leader.

EDUCATION

Master of Business Administration (MBA)

from University of Newcastle, Australia

Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) in Global Business
from Khon Kaen University International College, Thailand

Manukau Institute of Technology in Auckland, New Zealand

ESOL Program during the summer semester

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES
Order Management & Account Receivables Analyst of

Procter & Gamble Pte Ltd, Singapore
Improve order fulfillment process – work closely with Market planner & Sales to provide products based
on customer’s demand. Participate with a team to establish the tools that customers can use to upload in
their systems then they can see valid/ updated codes, available stocks and allocation limit in daily basis.
Resulting in: reduced product out of stock issue at customers end & enhanced service level

Eliminate non-quality orders – by conducting monthly tracking report, analyze root causes and represent
to internal team (MDO logistics & Sales organization). Analyze customer characteristics and adjust order
cycle to match with customers’ needs.
Resulting in: reduced time of processing orders, timely deliveries, eliminated non-necessary costs.

Market’s Deduction Owner – sustain deduction target via weekly drumbeat with financial team and
established escalation process & standardized tracking to team.
Resulting in: improved market daily deduction & results achieved above target by 20%, faster aged
deduction clearing from 30 days to 26 days in average

Market’s Overdue Owner: daily monitor & follow up with team to ensure customers make payment on
time, identify root cause of late payment, provide timely action plan & escalation steps.
Resulting in: reduced DSO (day sales outstanding) for market & decrease orders on hold due to credit
blocked / exceeded

C.P Intertrade Co.,Ltd, Bangkok, Thailand
Developed the overall strategy for several product launches – wrote and managed marketing
plan, product positioning. Conducted focus groups and usability testing to gather customer feedback.
Provided understanding market, competition and sales process
Resulting in: grew 18% of company’s sales

Customer Service of Muang Thong Bhasaj Co., Ltd, Ubon Rathathani, Thailand

July 2009 – June 2010
Expanded medical business to Laos customers – conducted survey to understand customers’ demand.
Responded on pricing inquiry, provide accurate and timely information. Established good relationship.
Resulting in: improved customers’ satisfactions and they became loyalty customers

SKILLS

Proficient in MS office applications, Adobe Photoshop, SAP, CRM, CMS supervisor, AVAYA and
social media.
