Senior Backend Platform Developer, Reference 22248
Apply here
Assignment Description and Requirements
About the team at Verisure
The team you will join is delivering frameworks, libraries, tools and
some critical services mainly to the service- and application
development teams. The team is responsible for two generation of
platforms, one traditional Java/Spring MVC REST API and the other a
Microservice Platform based on Kubernetes and Spring Boot. The
team's main responsibility is not developing REST APIs but mainly
focusing on non-functional requirements i.e. security, scalability and
availability. Platforms also include databases (MySQL and
Cassandra) and integration bus (RabbitMQ). Majority of the team
members are senior developers.

Job Description
Understand and deep dive into different tools, libraries, modules or
services one after the other when features, changes and fixes
needed. This will make sure you eventually have a full
understanding of the platforms we deliver to the organization.
Take part in discussions, design work and implementation of new
services or tools or products.
Take part in having an eye on production environment (monitoring)
for the relevant parts where the team has responsibility.
Participate in code review and prepare patches and releases (later
on)
Participate in production incidents analysis and fix work when
needed.

Qualifications
Request for consultancy
This is not an order it is a request for CV/Proposals under the Framework agreements
Education in some Computer Science/Electrical engineering or
similar area. B.S/M.S
Interested in details and quality minded
Experiance in one or more of the areas:
-design and development work in the area of authentication and
authorization
-design and development work of high available systems/services
-design and development work of tools and libraries for other
developers
-long experience having a key role and involvment within highly
distributed systems

Other relevant information
Notice! Presence after corona is required and remote-only will not
be an alternative.
-When applying, include your hourly rate and possible start date
-Clearly motivate how you meet the qualification

Are you available and the assignment seems interesting, click the "Apply now". Before you respond to an assignment, make sure that your skills profile (CV) is updated, correct and clearly describing your suitability for the job.


