Project Manager, Reference 23105
Apply here
Assignment Description and Requirements
Project Manager_Treasury_Global Liquidity Management Tool
The mission:
It is your mission to run projects from idea to implementation. You are generally interested in technology, Business and IT deliverables and have a high interest in accelerating the digital agenda. Being responsive and enjoy working in a truly dynamic and international environment with global coordination describes you. Here we are developing and implementing a new process and solution for Treasury called Global Liquidity Management Tool for cash visibility, predictability and accessibility along with payment features and bank connections.
We will retrieve data from different ERP systems and other external systems to achieve the required results. We have completed the RFP and are in the middle of the blueprint. We need your help to manage the project through the next phase starting with a pilot rollout before the full rollout.

You are working together with some Business and IT colleagues and external partners. To be successful here, we are looking for a Project Manager with a background managing different kind of projects among all digital ones with some experience from SaaS solutions, Finance rollouts and integration with other systems. You are coming as an experienced PM but you still enjoy delivering on an operational level and who has driven successful projects with these components. A very interesting global project is waiting for you. Leading this project means coordinating our internal resources both business and IT representatives, managing dependencies to other projects/streams and continuously following up on progress and present an implementation plan to the decision makers. Your scope is global. Final scope for the rollout is to set which give you the opportunity to influence how you want to structure this in the most efficient way for the full rollout.
One key challenge in this project is to manage the project according to our project methodology, excellent change management and communication skills will help the project deliver on its objectives.

Location: Open since we due to the corona situation working remote so you need to be prepared working from your home office.

This is a 50% assignment, starting with 6 months.
We are looking into possibility to combine this with another one to be able to offer you a full time job.

Your passion:
You love and excel at leading projects with clear drivers and deliverables and live the word being accountable for the end-to-end activities. Interaction with project team members and key stakeholders is your passion. Your strengths You have already delivered projects and pre-studies and can build and drive a project team to deliver on time. This requires a relationship building personality and an excellent sense for business and priorities. You create strong follow-up structures, are good at managing Steering Committee meetings and seek clarity, alignment and clear decisions on how to progress throughout the project. You do not fear transparency and flag any concerns early. You need to be fairly hands-on and in the details while able to consolidate and filter information based on context and audience. Your (business) English is excellent both verbal and written. Any proficiency in Swedish would be beneficial.

Typical background:
You as project manager left trail of successful implementations and rollout projects behind you and come highly recommended. Proven experience of building a strong collaborative project team across multi locations and interacting with different cultures is a necessity. Methodology The project pre-study is to be run according to our project model and follow-up mechanisms. Organisation You will be placed in the European IT Project Management office and report functionally to one of the Project Management Team Leaders and operationally to the Business Lead.