Embedded Software Application Engineer within Charging System, Referens 21709
Ansök här
Uppdragsbeskrivning och krav
Responsibilities
You will be responsible for the functional part of the control unit that communicates with the charging
station for electric vehicles according to the applicable standards for CCS charging and pantograph on
roof. The work is done in tight collaboration with the hardware responsible engineer for the control unit,
test engineers, other system engineers within the same function area and with the suppliers for the parts.

Electromobility use Agile work methods meaning that you will belong to a team with a product
responsibility over time of several components: both units installed in customer used vehicles and for
future development.

Typical tasks within the team
• Drive the functional development of sourced (bought) components from early specifications all the
way to a final product in production.
• Write software/functional requirement specifications
• Review supplier tests and support additional in-house tests to validate supplier software in rigs and in vehicle
• Make SW releases
• Drive diagnostic and fault handling strategy
• Solve maintenance issues
• Ensure control unit design being aligned with functional safety requirements
• Ensure, together with other experts, that the control unit is in line with cyber security

Competencies:
Communicates effectively - Is effective in a variety of communication settings: one-on-one, small and
large groups, or among diverse styles and position levels. Attentively listens to others. Adjusts to fit the
audience and the message. Provides timely and helpful information to others across the organization.
Plans and aligns - Focuses on highest priorities and sets aside less critical tasks. Lays out a thorough
schedule and steps for achieving objectives. Looks for obstacles and develops excellent contingency
plans. Uses milestones to diligently track and manage the progress of the work.
Demonstrated technical leadership
Result oriented, challenging the current normal
Fluent in English - verbal and written

English only is sufficient language skill for this assignment
Övrig relevant information
Personal attributes
Ability to take decisions based upon facts and engineering judgement
Engagement & inspire – drive for results and performance excellence in teams
Confidence – believe in own ability to influence positive outcome
Drives for results and customer value
Structured and creative
Passionate about networking across all functions to achieve shared objectives

Knowledge:
Embedded system development
AUTOSAR
Communication per CAN and PLC
Knowledge of ISO 26262

Experience - Work:
M.Sc. in Electronics, Data Science, Software engineering, Mechatronics or similar
4 - 6 years of experience of working with product development and supplier contacts
4 - 6 years of experience of control units using communication protocols within the automotive charging area such as ISO 15118, DIN 70121, SAE J2847 and J3068
4 - 6 years of experience from electric vehicles and the electric propulsion system
Documented experience from working in an Agile development environment

Är du tillgänglig och uppdraget känns intressant, klicka på knappen "Ansök här". Innan du svarar på ett uppdrag, var noga med att din kompetensprofil (CV) är uppdaterad, korrekt och tydligt beskriver att du är lämplig för uppdraget.

